I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
I will be live tweeting my interview with on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!
" I am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with Thank you.
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“She’s a changemaker. That’s what she does.” — on Hillary helping 8 million kids get health coverage
Under Hillary’s plan, if your family earns $125,000 or less, you'll be able to go to a public college tuition-free.
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the story which has become a joke!
"If you believe that racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country...you need to vote."
"It's hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken promises...or outright fraud."
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004.
Getting ready to make some history.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
" I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent We represent
Hillary’s speaking in North Carolina on her vision to build an economy that works for everyone. Tune in:
"It’s time to fight back against Donald Trump &amp; deport his presidential dreams to the dustbin of history." —
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
Donald Trump might have gone decades without paying taxes—but he’s not afraid of telling other people to pay theirs.
Couldn’t agree more,
“We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton. And the man of hope, Barack Obama.” —Hillary
"Hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education." —
“So guess what Donald? It turns out America is pretty great already.” —
If you're in college—or have a kid who is—find out how much you could save with Hillary's college plan:
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'
Unions have had the backs of working families for decades. Now they need to know we have theirs.
RT “Don't just tweet about my speech last week – if you liked that speech, then go vote.” –Michelle Obama Here’s how:
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
“Hillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United.” —
Appalling behavior from Wells Fargo. This is exactly why we need a strong can't let Trump dismantle it.
What you need to know about the "alt-right" and connections to white supremacy and hate groups:
You can learn a lot about a person by the company they keep. Here's some of the company Trump keeps:
Thank you &amp;
None of us gets through life alone. We all have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon.
We’ve learned in this campaign that Donald Trump is the poster boy for what’s wrong with our economy.
RT if you agree we need to keep moving forward, not back.
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"
RT Obama: "I obviously have very strong opinions about the two candidates running. One is very positive. The other one is not so…
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
"She will deliver on the most important duty of a president—keeping our nation safe." —Michael Morell on Hillary
RT USA TODAY's Editorial Board: Trump unfit to lead
RT . "Trump laid out the most hardline, mean spirited immigration proposal in U.S. history."
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
"A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
Hillary has spent decades fighting for veterans, members of the military, and their families.
RT Given whatever that was...shouldn't be surprising that this is Donald Trump's actual ISIS plan.
We can never forget how Trump disrespects our military families, like the Khans.
Trump loves conspiracy theories almost as much as his hat. But why choose? Make your own tin foil hat:…
" I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary." Great!
Trump appears to have broken the law and acted against our nation's interest, all so he could line his own pockets.…
'Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities'
Gold Star families have made sacrifices most of us can't even fathom. They deserve our respect and our thanks.
Lets go Pennsylvania!
" I'll be a guest today on Making Money with on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing Tune in!"
This from a man who says he’s “sacrificed” for our country.
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire!
RT REUTERS POLL: CLINTON, TRUMP ALL TIED UP...
Thank you
. ranked Donald Trump and his economic policies as tied for 4th among the greatest risks to the world…
Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. He’s taking hate groups mainstream.
"The Dispatch urges voters to elect Hillary Clinton." —
RT ONLY will end what even called a CRAZY SYSTEM.
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...
I want to thank for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
"Ms. Clinton will prove a worthy example to girls who celebrate the election of America’s first female president.”
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! Tickets:…
People like report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
"We don’t turn against each other—no, we listen to each other. We lean on each other because we are always stronger together." —
“We’re not going to be Donald Trump’s hate-filled America—not now, not ever!” —
. spent his whole life fighting for working families, so I have no doubt he'll do the same tonight. Go get 'em, Tim. -H
“She gained about 55 pounds in...9 months. She was like an eating machine.” —Trump, a man who wants to be president:
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island!
Closely monitoring the flooding in Louisiana &amp; Mississippi. The is helping displaced families in need: -H
"Hillary Clinton is that woman in the arena. She’s been there for us, even if we haven’t always noticed." —
RT I'm doing a new podcast that will run through Election Day and is my co-host
RT Trump suggests that soldiers who suffer from PTSD aren't "strong"
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! today!
"Mom, Grandma would be so, so proud of you tonight.” —
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE…
The images from the train derailment in NJ are horrifying. My prayers are with those who lost loved ones and the dozens who were injured. -H
RT This job takes maturity, compassion, and wisdom. Only one candidate has what it takes.
" . I think can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
RT The NYT Editorial Board says Donald Trump should not be president. Here's why. via
“This election is on us; it is in our hands. If we get out and vote tomorrow, Hillary Clinton will win.” —
Trump's convention message: fear and hate. RT if you agree we're better than this.
Thanks, Lee! Great to have you on this team. -H
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy!
"I really regret doing this." —Hillary on Between Two Ferns
Join Hillary live in Detroit just 4 days from Election Day:
"I’m here as a proud American, a proud Democrat, a proud mother, and tonight, in particular, a very, very proud daughter.” —
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Happening now: Watch speak at the
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
"I sorta get away with things like that." —Donald Trump, on bursting into Miss Universe pageant dressing rooms
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I started my career…fighting for kids and families.” —Hillary
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE!
Next week, Hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. Chip in now for the chance to be there:
" Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! JOIN ME ON THE
" Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio! West Palm Beach, FL at noon: Cincinnati, OH this 7:30pm:
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets:
Automatically donate every time Trump tweets something offensive with our new tool:
Trump's candidacy alone is undermining our national security. Imagine if he were to become president.
Response to
RT In own words ⬇️
"He doesn't see us as full human beings with our own dreams, our own capabilities.” —Hillary on what Trump thinks of women
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA…
Thanks to for your kind words, very much appreciated.
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!
. just watched you on thank you!
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
RT Think the Bush tax cuts didn't give enough money away to the super wealthy? You'll love the Trump tax cut. h…
Thank you!
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: Overflow:
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy!
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Trump’s campaign strategy: Get women to stay home. Get young people to stay home. Get people of color to stay home.
RT It's official: If Trump releases his tax returns veterans will get $6M+. Has he even paid taxes in the last 18 years? We des…
. is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
" Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !"
Trump's major policy proposal is to "build a wall" and have Mexico pay for it. He choked. Enough said.
There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump.
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
When Trump visited Detroit on Monday he talked only of failure, poverty, and crime. He’s missing so much about what makes Michigan great.
Thank you, Anthony "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump"
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Every 👈 time 👈 👈 makes 👈 you 👈 mad 👈 chip 👈 in👈 $1.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you
A message from Video:
This is what dauntless leadership looks like. Thank you, to call you a friend. -H
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to
Imagine a president who said all of these things.
“You didn’t blame Little John or Meat Loaf. You fired Gary Busey. These are the kinds of decisions that would keep…
RT She is a Gold Star mother, she is Muslim, and she has some words for Donald Trump.
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her.
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:…
Your party's official platform supports “conversion therapy,”
With just 19 days left in this campaign, hits the trail for Hillary in Arizona. Watch live →
Trump may talk a big game on trade, but his approach is based on fear, not strength—fear that we can’t compete with the rest of the world.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It is our obligation as Americans to dig deep in doing whatever we can to build the kind of future we want for ours…
RT Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islamic terrori…
RT In Trump Organization business would place national security at risk, even undermining the war on ISIS.
RT Statement from on Trump's latest act of desperation
" keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! Thanks.
No family should spend more than 10% of its income on child care. Here's how we can achieve that goal:
"If your closest advisors don’t trust you to tweet, how can we trust you with the nuclear codes?” — on Trump
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
If you read one thing before tonight's debate, make it this:
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and on Tuesday!
AMERICA'S FUTURE
I agree- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to with me on 11/8.…
" People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump." That would indeed be nice!
We have to work together to make sure every child has clean water to drink and air to breathe and good schools, no matter their zip code.
"I’ve been fighting for kids at every step of my career, and I will fight for them every single day of my presidency." —Hillary
RT "Hillary won big time. It was a shut out." --
" Turns out was wrong. had nothing to do with it
We are not going to let big business and big corporations call the shots anymore. That is not working for us.…
Thank you Illinois! Great news! on 3/15! Trump 28% Cruz 15% Rubio 14% Kasich 13% Bush 8% Carson 6% Simon Poll/SIU
Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. -H
" WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE.
. wears his "F" rating from the like a badge of honor.
"I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans.” —Hillary
Republicans agree: We can't give Donald Trump control of our nuclear codes.
Great to be back in Arizona!
Governor and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:…
RT 43-39
While Donald Trump is assaulting our democracy, millions of people are standing up for it—registering, voting early, and volunteering.
Yes, Trump and Pence are running an insult-driven campaign. Donald's literally doing it right now.
The stakes in this election are as high as any in our lifetimes.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
" On was on the ball &amp; is in a time warped stupor. will EXPAND
" You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people Loves U" Thanks
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
RT Happy anniversary! 4 years ago today, Romney released his 2011 tax returns (which Trump urged him to do). Where are Tr…
RT 2/2 How many of our presidents, even our great presidents, would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium…
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
"In Congress, I learned a powerful lesson: Strong women get things done.” —
"We don’t have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America. Tomorrow, you can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, b…
" RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp;
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
Trump, translated: ✓Build the wall ✓Add $34 trillion to the national debt ✓Revoke 20 million Americans' insurance
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
" Poll shows leads among registered Republican women with 44%. 👍🏻 Thank you!
" great interview with !" Thanks.
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
"A lifetime’s commitment to solving problems in the real world qualifies Hillary Clinton for this job." —
We’re ready to kick off a historic Watch live:
"President Hillary Clinton on her worst day would be so superior to a President Donald Trump on any day."
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary.
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
" politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House."
RT "The neighborhood you come from is where your character is etched. Where your values are set." -VP Biden
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
"Donald Trump aggressively disrespects more than half the people in this country.” —
Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for
The story of the Rodhams and the Bidens isn't unique. What's unique is the country where those stories were written.
"I know more about ISIS than the generals." —Donald Trump, who clearly doesn't.
RT "I cannot believe that Governor Pence would sit here and defend his running mate’s claim that we should have a deportation fo…
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
"It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans." —Donald Trump, March 2004
“Some people want to rant, but Hillary wants to get results.” —
" we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! 👏👏👏" Thank you.
When Trump trivializes the sacrifice of our military and veterans, he makes it clear: He has no idea what service t…
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘Islamist Money List'
“I don’t understand people who trash talk about America…who act as if we are not yet the greatest country that has ever been created.”
What is the deal with Donald Trump and Russia?
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
RT Trump's unpresidential trifecta tonight: 1. Attack our generals 2. Praise Putin 3. Blame women in combat for sexual assau…
JOIN ME TOMORROW! MINNESOTA • 2pm MICHIGAN • 6pm VIRGINIA • 9:30p…
When something gets under Donald's thin skin, he lashes out and can't let go. This is dangerous for a president.
“A man who seeks to sow division in America for his own gain…we simply cannot let that happen as Americans—period.” — on Trump
"Republicans want to tear down the pillars of middle-class security. We won’t let that happen!" —
RT The South Oval is a sea of supporters tonight, because college students are going to help Hillary win Ohio thi…
There are a lot of bullies in this world. The last thing we need is one in the White House.
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
" Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart Great!
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
RT Hillary Clinton’s life has always been about putting others first—Donald Trump’s always been about putting himself first.
Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower-
Great new poll- thank you!
Donald Trump doesn't represent us. His ideas don't represent us. And his values don't represent us. Add your name:
"We have to vote. The world looks to us as a progressive country that leads change." —
Talk to your loved ones about this election—there's too much at stake to sit out.
RT Got to share my story &amp; talk about why our voice is our vote on Register:
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!
Longtime Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke supports Donald Trump because they share so many of the same values.
She'll say anything and change NOTHING!
The is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
"We gotta make this economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” —Hillary
RT There were almost too many lies to count....but we kept score.
Hillary chats favorite books, handling criticism, and life on the trail in episode 3 of With Her. Listen here 🎧 :
RT 2010s: Donald Trump was playing hard ball with the lawyers of the families he hurt. Hillary Clinton was playing hard b…
"Thank you for loving all people, especially 'the least, the last, and the lost' among us." —Hillary to the
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Video:
. is making calls for Hillary. Join her:
🤔
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
We couldn't be more lucky to have someone with Anne's talent and experience out on the campaign trail.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No family should have to spend more than 10% of its income on quality child care.
Trump "apparently got to avoid paying taxes for nearly two decades—while tens of millions of working families paid…
"You're OK with your nominee having a bromance with Putin?" — to the GOP
National service has always been a bipartisan goal. When it's hard to find common ground, it’s important we come together where we can.
Great job by on interview with on
Between the three presidential debates, Trump told roughly one lie for every 50 seconds he spoke.
"I want to be a president for everyone in this country—Democrats, Republicans, Independents…I’m going to work just as hard for everybody."
This is what a comprehensive (not "secret") counterterrorism plan looks like.
Melania will be interviewed by on now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
This election isn’t just about who Trump is—it’s about who WE are. Are you ready to vote?
If was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room. America isn’t afraid to compete.
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP:
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
" Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations
RT The only one to benefit by casting our commitment to NATO in doubt is Russia.
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Hillary's small business plan: ✓ cut paperwork ✓ improve funding access ✓ save businesses $
Too many Americans living with mental illness have been left to face it on their own.
RT . "What is the status of the FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation?" "There real…
RT No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
When pressed about Trump insulting and demonizing Latinos and immigrants, Mike Pence had a...telling response.
Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges?
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp; tomorrow!
Barack Obama was born in America, plain and simple. Donald Trump owes him and the American people an apology.
I will be interviewed on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
RT Trump would give his own family a $4 billion tax cut. Billion. With a "b".
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today!
" Check out "HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ"
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
"I can’t think of any better person to have by my side on the campaign trail and in the White House." —Hillary
Dummy writer who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Loved this moment from last night. Thanks to and everyone out on the trail helping to…
RT “Además de defender a DAPA y DACA, debemos hacer mucho más”—Hillary.
Watch Hillary's full remarks at the
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
RT An unsurprising Nazi reference from the "alt-right" movement's presidential campaign. This is the real Trump.
In America, we don’t say we’re going to “keep you in suspense” about whether we’ll respect the outcome of an election.
It's pretty clear that Vladimir Putin would rather have a puppet in the White House than a president.
Let's make it easier for young people to start businesses and fulfill their dreams.
RT Let us bend the arc of history toward justice once more.
RT Este honremos las tantas contribuciones que los hispanos y latinos han hecho a este país.
Will be joining on at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
The gender wage gap is even wider for women of color. It's time to ensure equal pay.
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you!
Donald Trump's no good, horrible, very bad week.
“I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
Outraged by today's attack in Kabul that killed dozens who were peacefully demonstrating. We stand with the Afghan people against terror. -H
Student debt is a major drag on our economy, and it's holding people back from moving forward with life.
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Trump would abolish this bedrock constitutional principle: if you’re born in the U.S., you’re an American citizen.
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Schedule &amp; tickets:
When Ruline was born in 1913, women couldn't vote. In 2016, she'll cast her vote to elect the 1st woman president.
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan: ✅Eliminate excessive regulations! ✅Lean government! ✅Lower taxes!
EpiPens can be the difference between life and death. There's no justification for these price hikes. -H
"One thing’s for certain: You won’t ever hear me praising dictators and strongmen who have no love for America.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
"My opponent has America all wrong. There’s nothing we can’t do when we come together as one nation." —Hillary
Why do Trump and Putin keep saying all the same things? (Hint: It's not Manafort.)
"She is far and away the choice for the presidency of the United States in 2016." —
"The bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” — on the media’s coverage of Donald Trump
In the 1970s, Trump's real estate company marked rental applications for African Americans with a "C" for "colored."
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.
“No matter what came along, no matter what they hit her with … no matter what happened, she said, ‘We’re stronger together.’” —
Today, we'll hear Trump talk about our veterans. Our new ad on what they've been hearing from Trump for months:
The ratings at blow away the ratings of - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
You don't want to miss this. Join Hillary and on the trail together for the first time in NC →
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
“She backed President Obama’s decision to go after Osama bin Laden.” — on Hillary
Unions stand up for workers who need someone to have their backs. We need a president who will do the same.
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; tomorrow!
RT Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy: -Bad nuclear deal -Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror -Sharing classifie…
"To Barack and Michelle Obama, our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude. We thank you for your graceful, determined leadership.”
Thankful for her family's—service to this country. It's really not that hard to grasp,
" Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart
is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Let’s fight to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for everyone:
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
When Hillary wanted to make sure every child in Arkansas got a quality education, she did her homework.
How do we go high? We vote:
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
Trump: "I love war, in a certain way."
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
Their paths may vary, but their call is the same. Meet the women of the U.S. Senate:
RT Donald Trump "absolutely" stands behind his horrible 2013 tweet about sexual assault in the military
6 days until the most important election of our lifetimes. Join Hillary live in Arizona →
" Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still supported the war.
" Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it"
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years!
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear'
Sign Hillary's birthday card to wish her a great (and historic) year to come:
RT "Let us declare again, that we will be a free people. Free from fear and intimidation." —
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel.
Donald Trump has a problem looking at someone different from himself and actually seeing them.
18,000 strong turned out in Columbus last night. Make sure you and your friends register and turn out to vote:…
Astonishing that the Republican nominee still refuses to acknowledge that was born in the United States.
Congrats Cathy, and happy homecoming Howard!
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;…
Join Hillary in Grand Rapids, Michigan, for one of her last rallies of the campaign:
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off. The American people get it!
So how exactly did Donald Trump build his own bank account? On the backs of American taxpayers:
If you believe in a better, stronger, fairer America: Vote.
Anyone who sees and treats women this way is unfit to be president.
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down!
Donald Trump's "cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling.”
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:
14. We know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. Have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?
“It’s becoming clear that, to him, most of America is ‘them.’” — on Donald Trump
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association.
RT Folks, we've got to elect and take back the Senate. Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work. -Joe
"In this race, we have a candidate whose vision for our country is completely and utterly lacking in hope." — on Trump
For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
It's all happening. Tune in for an exclusive look at the as Hillary officially accepts the nomination.
RT Trump mocks people with disabilities. Hillary Clinton wants to expand their job opportunities
Last night, Trump chose to talk about his deep admiration and support for Putin. Maybe he did it with a smile.
This let's take a stand for LGBT youth and send a clear message to all our kids: In the end, bullies al…
message from
They're voting. Are you? Make sure you're registered:
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow.
RT I love this! You make your own video about why you've voting at
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!
RT The Atlantic has endorsed three times in the name of defending American democracy. 1860, 1964, and now in 2016.
JOIN ME! TODAY: Springfield, OH Toledo, OH Geneva, OH FRIDAY: Manchester, NH Lisbon, ME Cedar Rapids, IA
"He doesn’t speak for immigrants...I don’t think he speaks for women. I don’t think he speaks for working families." —Hillary on Trump
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you!
Have a beer with in the second episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Listen here:
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
RT As early voting begins in many counties in Florida, see how many Floridians have already voted.
It is so imperative that we have the right justices.
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!
Trump retweets white supremacists. He took a fringe bigot and spread his message to 11 million people.
RT People have seen almost 40 years of tax returns from Hillary. One set from Trump really isn't too much to ask.
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
In 9 days, we'll choose who succeeds in the Oval Office. Make sure we make the right choice:…
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you!
This is Trump's party. This could be Trump's America. Don't let it.
"We will not ban a religion—we will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism." —Hillary
Born before women could vote, Ruline just cast her ballot for Hillary in Iowa today. Join her:…
RT We've got 51 days left to win this thing. Make sure you're ready:
Getting ready to make my speech at A great honor!
"Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president." —
There's only one candidate on stage who will support working families.
Trump's child care "plan" is really just a tax cut for the wealthy—while giving working families almost nothing.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
"Like all Americans, my thoughts are with those who were wounded, their families, &amp; our first responders” —Hillary on this weekend’s attacks
"I thought, this woman—I want to ride with her." —Roxie, a Republican and small business owner, on meeting Hillary
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
Thank you!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Trump says he wants to "make America great again," but his real message remains “make America hate again.”
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
What Trump really means when he says "Make America Great Again”:
"Everyone is safer when the police respect the people they protect and when the people respect the police who serve them.” —Hillary
And, unlike we're gonna make it easier for people who *aren't* celebrities to get apprenticeships.
This is real—Donald Trump just accepted the nomination. RT if you agree: We can't let him become president.
"Can [Pence] look back on the debate as a success after he repeatedly lied in order to run interference for Trump?"
The flooding in Louisiana is worse than anyone expected, and they need our support. Here's how you can help:
Donald Trump: Make ________ Bangladesh China India Indonesia Vietnam Mexico Slovenia Great Again?
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
RT Encouraging to see AT&amp;T CEO Randall Stephenson's strong statement on race and justice.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"We cannot let anyone take away our hope. We cannot let anyone silence our voices. Because we know that every vote matters." —
Thank you Willie Robertson!
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov.
RT Donald Trump's tax plan would add to the federal debt and Hillary Clinton’s wouldn’t, study finds
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of including the mandate, period.
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
"[Hillary] is one of the most qualified people ever to run for the office, and she easily earns our endorsement.”…
The truth is a beautiful weapon.
"
Wow, is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
At the Mike Pence tried really, really hard to deny pretty much everything Donald Trump has said and don…
With just 4 days left, join Hillary and as they get out the vote in Pittsburgh:
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
RT ¡Hola! Les habla Tim Kaine. Hoy estaré en Arizona donde daré mi discurso en español. ¡Síganme en para más detall…
"I'm going to be the voice of the voiceless." —Gwen Carr, mother of Eric Garner, on her work to reform policing pra…
RT Clinton won this debate in part because she had more stamina for this than Trump. He flagged badly after 30 minutes. She did…
“As I’ve traveled this country…what I’ve also seen, more than anything, is what is right with America.” —
Thank you Indiana!
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'…
"No matter how daunting the odds, she never—ever—quits. That is the Hillary I know." —
Donald Trump built numerous squandered businesses on the backs of taxpayers—and he hasn't even paid his fair share.
You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it.
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched poll.
RT
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly.
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify Trump from becoming president:
"It’s not just my name or Donald Trump’s name on the ballot—it’s the kind of country we want.” —Hillary
Tried watching low-rated this morning, unwatchable! is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
"He doesn’t speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together, not splintering apart." —Hillary
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: &amp; get ou…
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama!
Thank you will see you soon.
Let’s put ourselves in the shoes of young black &amp; Latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable.
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $'s in false ads!
" People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen
Thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
We are resilient, determined, and hard-working. There’s nothing America can’t do if we do it together.
" That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed" True!
Every child should be able to live up to their God-given potential, no matter where they come from, what they look like, or who they love.
It's Celebrate by registering to vote →
A Wall Street money manager should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse.
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday! Green Bay- 6pm Colorado Springs- 1pm…
This election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines. Make sure your friends are registered to vote.
Donald—his father Fred—and their entire company were sued by for discriminating against African Americans and Latinos.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
"We deserve a president…who believes that each of us is part of the American story, and we’re always stronger together.” —
RT RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.
“I have a very good brain.” —Donald Trump on his foreign policy advisors (Himself.)
"Kids and families have been the passion of my life—and they'll be the heart of my presidency."
"I’m here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby.” —Erica Smegielski
Trump called Latinos "bad hombres" on Wednesday. It's not even the most insulting thing he said about the community.
“She’s just out there every day doing God’s work in her own way. You know? Making her parents proud.” —Betsy, Hilla…
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!
"We don't want to go back. We want to go forward." —
All Kauveri wanted for her seventh birthday was to meet Hillary (and a Star Wars Lego set). She got both!
This is horrific. We cannot allow this man to become president.
Stronger Together comes out in Sept—a book on Hillary's policy plans and vision for America:
" " is the only guy, I think, that has the will &amp; the nerve to attack &amp; to fight."
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
RT "That's a bunch of malarkey!" — holding exactly nothing back last night.
Actually, your running mate did say that.
Join Hillary, and live in Philadelphia for a special GOTV concert:
Trump is running the most divisive campaign of our lifetimes. There’s no innuendo or dog whistles anymore. It’s all out in the open now.
Tonight, Hillary will debate Trump for the first time. Follow to make sure he's held accountable to the facts.
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!
"I’ve had to listen to Donald Trump for 3 full debates…I have now stood next to Donald Trump longer than any of his campaign managers."
“The Director owes it to the American people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining.”
We’ve got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system and end private prisons.
“We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top.” —Hillary
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
LGBT kids are perfect exactly the way they are.
"Podemos demostrar que somos una comunidad poderosa. We can prove that we are a mighty community." — →…
“It is time to take Washington back from the gun lobby!” —
Unfortunately for Mike Pence and Donald Trump, Google exists (and we aren't stupid).
Addiction is a disease—not a moral failing. We should support those who are struggling with it.
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
" Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you"
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 8pm. Enjoy!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
"The thought of Donald Trump with nuclear weapons scares me to death. It should scare everyone."
If you thought Donald Trump was going to pick a running mate who would appeal to moderates, think again.
RT 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson says he'll back Trump for president via
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now.
RT "This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control ov…
See you soon Arizona!
When Trump and Pence attack Planned Parenthood, they're attacking millions of Americans.
"She is still the best darn changemaker I have ever known.” — on Hillary
“A leader with real plans to break down barriers,...the next president of the United States Hillary Clinton.” —
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'
Everything we’ve worked toward comes down to today. RT this if you're voting for Hillary:
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
“Tomorrow, we have the chance to elect someone who is singularly qualified to be our president—our friend, Hillary…
"To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.” —Hillary
"You’re right, he doesn’t trash talk everybody. He likes Vladimir Putin.” — on Donald Trump
RT Nevada we are on our way! Caucus locator:
Thank you Senator
Wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings Apologize!
“Our forefathers gathered in this very city, and they declared before the world that would be a free and independent nation." —Sen. Booker
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
No matter what Donald says at tonight's debate, we already know the real Trump. Follow for the fa…
RT . Abortion Flip-Flops: From Valuing The Sanctity of Life --&gt; Pro-Abortion Demagogue
It was great spending time with yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
RT "It is never, never, never ever been a good bet to bet against the United States of America." -VP Biden
Hypocrite! claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks.
CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
"He is taking a hate movement mainstream. He has brought it into his campaign." —Hillary to on Trump
RT On substance, on style, on dignity, on temperament, the clear victor is An overgrown toddler vs. a virt…
It should concern every American that Russia is willing to engage in such hostile acts in order to help Donald Trum…
Donald Trump still refuses to say was born in America. And this man wants to be our president? When will he stop this ugliness?
Video:
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
"I already have a concentration camp...it's called Tent City." —Joe Arpaio, Trump endorser and speaker
" All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate that will put ALL OF YOU &amp; AMERICA FIRST
RT Newt once compared Planned Parenthood to ISIS. Yeah.
The endorsed in 2012. Here's why they're endorsing Hillary in 2016:
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8, she's out!
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
RT 21 years ago speech pushed the political discourse and forced a global dialogue on gender equality
Trump talks tough on trade and Chinese steel hurting American workers—but he bought Chinese steel for two of his last three buildings.
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Don’t believe anyone who says “I alone can fix it.” Those were actually Donald Trump’s words at the Republican convention in Cleveland.
I don't watch or do anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
9 times Donald Trump accused Hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:
Thank you!
Big victory for democracy as the 4th Circuit just struck down a NC voter discrimination law. Let’s keep fighting to make voting easier. -H
Progress is on the ballot.
"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do."
Great honor to have General Counsel, as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
“He and his family exemplify the values that make America great.” —Hillary on Khizr Khan
Sad case- did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
A young girl asked: "What are you going to do about all this bullying?"
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined
RT America is going to see what VP Biden already knows — just how much cares about our country.
" Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
“I believe with all my heart that America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump.” —Hillary
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put…
"America depends on you—you, all of you. ... I didn’t say, 'Yes, I can.' I said, 'Yes, we can.'" —
THANK YOU AMERICA!
Just 17 days left. Join Hillary and on the trail in Philadelphia:
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
For those few people knocking public service, hope you'll reconsider answering the call to help others. Because we're stronger together.
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Text QUALIFIED to 47246 if you agree there was only one candidate tonight who showed she's ready to be the next president.
"Everybody knows she’s smart. Everybody knows she’s tough. But I know what she’s passionate about—I know Hillary." —
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio!
Missouri just confirmed as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates.
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. and the little watched = SAD!
RT this if you're proud to have Hillary's back tonight.
Happening now: Watch address the →
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas!
RT Poll: vs. among white Evangelicals.
No matter what Donald Trump says, America is great, and the American Dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise.
Thank you!
History made.
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
" Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.
Our favorite moments from Hillary's appearance on Between Two Ferns →
"Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws." —Hillary
"He demeans and humiliates women as if we're objects...rather than human beings worthy of love and respect." — on Trump
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
" GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
How can we prevent the spread of Zika in the U.S.? Hillary and respond on
Thank you for the nice words this morning Well delivered and totally logical!
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
" Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine."
Donald Trump has proven over and over again that he's unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief.
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you! Polls
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! Tickets:
At last night's debate, Trump showed again and again that he doesn't have a clue about what makes America great.
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Thank you Pennsylvania!
The birther lie is what turned Trump from an ordinary reality TV star into a political figure. That origin story can't be unwritten.
RT This is just one of the business practices that led to Donald Trump being sued for discrimination.
"I trusted her when my life was on the line, and she came through.” —9/11 survivor, Lauren Manning
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!
" Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii today! Amazing father!
We have a new Check out letters to Hillary from Americans around the country at
is not fit to be our next president!
We can’t cozy up to dictators; we have to stand up to them. We can’t contain ISIS; we must defeat it. And we will.
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
17. Will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign, and with whom they met?
"Maybe he didn't do a good job." —Donald Trump Looks like you “loved” it at the time.
"There will be no softening whatsoever." —the on Trump's most alarming immigration speech yet
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
In interview I told that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
"Pence seemed intent on laying out the case for a Presidential candidacy—his own."
“The choice that you make, that we make, will determine the direction of this country for a long time." —
Trump's plan: 1. Round up and deport every single undocumented immigrant 2. Build a concrete wall An alternative:
We can be the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century.
RT Remember Karla, the little girl we heard from on Monday who feared her parents would be deported? She trusts Hillary to keep…
"I’ve tried to run a campaign based on issues. He’s run a campaign based on insults.” —Hillary on Trump
American leadership means standing with our allies, because our network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional.
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
“Hillary opened my eyes to a whole new world of public service.” —
" EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA"
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing!
Get out and vote. Get everybody you know to vote. This is one of the most consequential elections in our lifetimes.
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
I am always on the front page of the failing but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times'
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great step forward by the Obama administration. It’s past time for Congress to guarantee paid sick leave for everyo…
RT You can't have the best military unless folks pay their fair share in taxes, Donald.
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
" also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as was speaking.
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! watch:
RT So proud to tell last night why is still the best darn changemaker I've ever known.
" . doing on is awesome. "Number one presidency of all time"
" Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right? She is a major loser - no clue!
RT Grassroots activism FTW! was the life-affirming, shoulder-padded love-fest we needed! Now vote! htt…
So what exactly is Donald Trump hiding from voters? Pretty much everything.
Trump has gotten one thing right about the economy.
RT We need STRONG, BROAD-SHOULDERED leadership like &amp; in the White House!
RT There’s an old Mexican proverb that says, “Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.”
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE! watch here:
Americans are coming together to reject hate and division. Americans are rejecting Donald Trump’s demeaning treatment of women.
RT Proud to be rated four stars by for our impact, transparency, and the quality of our work:
" Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! 🇺🇸"
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be on now.
RT DEAD HEAT: CLINTON VS TRUMP
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
" DonaldTrump and his running mate to appear on in first joint interview. CBS
"This dinner brings together a collection of sensible, committed, mainstream Republicans, or, as we now call them: Hillary supporters."
Well said, Coach Auriemma. Keep winning,
RT 100% TRUE --&gt; is right - did call TPP ‘the gold standard’
If you're a millionaire, you'll do great under Trump's economic plan. Everyone else? Well... Take a look:
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
"This is such a special event that I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here." —Hillary
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you're on her team all the way to Election Day.
RT "Maybe one day she'll look back and say, 'I was there...when we nominated our first female president.'" —Janet, NMI
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
"Everyone here...has stumbled on their own stony roads. It’s grace that lifts us up, grace that leads us home.” —Hillary to the
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
RT This morning I proudly cast my vote for to be the next President of the United States.
. new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Fired up, ready to go!
. has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been?
"NY elected her to the seat once held by another outsider, Robert Kennedy. She didn’t let him down.” — on Hillary’s Senate run
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History!
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
With just 83 days until Election Day, Trump hired one of the most extreme right-wing voices to run his campaign.
Hillary’s live at Tune in to hear about her vision for an inclusive America.
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
. was just banned by - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I’m really concerned for North and South Carolinians dealing with such dangerous flooding. Please heed the latest warnings &amp; stay safe. -H
Terrifying.
RT In FL, over 1 million Latino voters have cast ballots early -- approximately doubled from 2012. Amazing.
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
“She knows that love trumps hate.” — on Hillary
I'm going to do what was totally unable to do- WIN!
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 P.M.
A promise to "Make America Great Again" might mean more from someone who actually made his products in America.
We cannot let this evil continue!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
"I strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in Minnesota, New Jersey, and New York."
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive!
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:
"We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: Hillary Clinton” —
RT . 4/4 stars from Trump Fdn: Fined by the IRS for illegal political donation
The story of Bill and Hillary, in photos:
"We don't disrespect women in our locker rooms." —
" Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to
“You’ve got to get yourself and everyone you know registered to vote today.” —
RT “When they have student debt, we’ll put a three year moratory on that so they can start their own businesses!”—
Tomorrow’s the day! Join Hillary as she campaigns in Pittsburgh on the eve of Election Day.
. when someone puts in the work, you are supposed to pay them.
“The choice that you make on November 8 will determine whether you can afford college tuition.” —
Great job
“We’ll make sure that Wall Street, and corporations, and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.” —
"Would my son have a place in your America?" —Khizr Khan, father of a fallen American hero, to Donald Trump
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
This is...unhinged, even for Trump. A few notes.
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon.
" If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates.
RT Last night, Donald Trump said not paying taxes was "smart." You know what I call it? Unpatriotic.
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change!
Just watched and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
Real change happens when Americans come together to work toward a common goal—we'll make it easier to do that.
RT Gov Nikki Haley just became a liability for Rubio after this was published to social media!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
Make no mistake: Behind that smile, has a backbone of steel. Just ask the NRA.
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
RT It's pretty telling that Donald Trump thinks the problem with his sexist tweets is the time that they were sent.
Two maps that show why no one can afford to stay home on Election Day.
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll'
Donald Trump is more concerned with pandering to the gun lobby than keeping families safe.
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
RT Trump's speech today was Churchillian, only better. You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about
"Yes, the world is watching what we do. Yes, America's destiny is ours to choose. So let's be stronger together my fellow Americans!"
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
State regulators fined one of Trump’s casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor.
You won’t want to miss this. Watch take the stage at the
" THIS IS LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED NOW!!
RT Join my family in this incredible movement to Now it is up to you! Please for America!
A (non-exhaustive) list of all the terrible things Donald Trump has said about women:
Here are 35 questions Trump still needs to answer.
RT Thinking about my daughter right now. No little girl will ever again have to wonder whether she, too, can be president.
Help welcome to the team. Get your sticker today to show your support:
Thank you Oregon!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
" No matter what liar sleazeball says about in Tennessee. We have early voting and has won.
No matter where you live, you can make sure you're registered to vote at
Donald Trump may live in his own reality—but we've got his own words right here. Check them out:
RT I've seen Hillary in the Senate &amp; the Situation Room. Clear-eyed. Steady. Understands working people. Exactly the leadership…
RT Flying to Dallas now with of discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas. Rs wil…
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
Our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face.
Thank you Diamond and Silk!
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
Thank you, South Carolina!
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
Fact check: The speakers are lying to America—at least 67 times so far.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati…
" New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Donald Trump's plan: a multi-billion dollar tax cut for himself and the wealthiest Americans
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
"Whether you agree or disagree with me, whether you vote for me or not, I believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —Hillary
Join me tomorrow!
RT America's best idea 100 years ago is still our best idea today. Happy birthday to the
"Nobody can fully know what it’s like to manage a global crisis…but I tell you nobody’s been closer to those decisi…
" 🇺🇸I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR
RT It’s good to be back, folks. We've got less than 4 months until Election Day, and I need you with me. Let's go elect some Dem…
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
" Hayes is looking depressed as well.
If you believe that America should stand with those who serve, because they’ve served us, you’ve got to vote.
One moment last night that proved—again—that Hillary's the only candidate ready to lead on the global stage:
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going t…
California made the right call: Every worker should be treated with dignity and receive the benefits they've earned.
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer."
" A majority of evangelicals believe is best equipped to save the country.
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
" That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her"
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
We need ideas, not insults. Plans, not paranoia. We can’t let legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn’t understand that.
Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver, Simone and Aly. We’re all so proud of you! -H
Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America, and we salute them.
RT RT if you agree - &amp; are WRONG for America!
Our success isn't measured by the size of our bank accounts or the height of our skyscrapers. It's measured by wh…
Watch live: Get an exclusive look at the before Hillary officially accepts the nomination →
Thank you! Four new polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN…
"I built a business, and I didn’t start it with a $1 million check from my father.” — on Donald Trump
"We all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when Hillary Clinton walks into the Oval Office." —
Reminder: While Trump probably pays no federal taxes, he wants a $4 billion tax break for his own family.…
RT When it comes to it's personal for Lessons from her dad help inspire plan:
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed on on at 7:15 A.M.
Trump thinks it's too hard to make his products in America, so we went and found 100 US manufacturers he could use.
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
"'Stronger Together’ is...not just a slogan for our campaign. It’s a guiding principle for the country we’ve always been." —Hillary
" We stand by Trump 100%" Thank you!
. is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about me!
We can take on the threat of climate change and make America a clean energy superpower. Or, we can do nothing.
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to…
For reasons only they can explain, the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
RT LIVE Stream now: Donald Trump press conference
RT "If any of you are looking for that Party of Lincoln, we've got a home for you right here in the Democratic Party!" —Tim
“As Scranton has always had my back, we—all of us—are going to have your back, Hillary.” —
LYIN' TED
"If she gets to be president, she won’t waste a day." — now playing on With Her at…
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
We’re going to guarantee equal pay for women. It is long overdue.
“My mom once told me…‘if you want to do right, be an optimist.’” —
Donald Trump still refuses to admit President Obama was born in the United States.
RT How many Trump products were made overseas? Here’s the complete list.
It's wrong when Latinos are 17% of our population and hold only 2% of its wealth. We've got to connect more Latinos with good jobs.
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks.
We can build a cleaner, more resilient electrical grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in the country.
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
"Hillary is running on the message of hope and unity that we need." —
I am on at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
"The lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: No one gets through life alone." —Hillary on her mom
Donald Trump is not only putting our national security at risk—he’s putting our economy at risk.
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt.
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That’s a quote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio!
Trump wants to give the biggest tax breaks in history to the super-wealthy and raise taxes on the middle class. We can't afford that.
Paying for college shouldn’t be the hardest part of going to college:
Thank you Michigan! Trump 35% Kasich 17% Cruz 12% Rubio 12% Carson 9% Via: ARG
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:…
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
" Get out &amp; if you don't NOTHING will change it's that simple!
RT This is... still not true!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
"We have got to do everything we can to make sure that Hillary Clinton is elected president." —
I am on my way! See you all soon!
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Grateful to everyone who performed and turned out at A great reminder about how important it i…
Neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and anti-Semites: three groups is bringing together.
Hillary accepted the Democratic nomination for president on Thursday. (There were balloons.)
As track and field begins, we're honoring Wilma Rudolph: the first U.S. woman to win 3 track golds in one Olympics.
The writer of the now proven false story in the Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
RT . stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania- prior to main rally.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the
As president Hillary will stand up for kids and families. She’s done it her whole life:
RT We have had of the unrelenting gun violence in America. It's time for us to fight back, together. htt…
"{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it."
RT No legit reason can't release returns while being audited, but if scared, release earlier returns no longe…
Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department.
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight!
"We cannot take this election for granted. We’ve got to fight for this thing.” —
" ĺ Tonight on CNN was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people"
Thank you Newt!
"Our hope is grounded in hard work and hard-earned faith...that we are all precious and worthy, no matter where we come from." —
RT Donald Trump promises he'll revive steel manufacturing in the US. He himself doesn't always use US steel. h…
" what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!" Not really soft at all!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team:
RT Donald Trump's super secret plan to fight ISIS is still a super secret.
Mike Pence's strategy seemed to be "if you close your eyes, Trump doesn't exist."
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator Look forward to being with all of my friends.
“Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be…
"We both believe every child should have the chance to live up to his or her God-given potential” —Hillary on LeBron
" That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
RT 17 Gold Star families write to Trump: “Ours is a sacrifice you will never know.” (via
" Why WHERE IS THE REPORTING &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA"
How will you feel if you wake up on Jan. 20 to President Trump? Chip in now to help keep him out of the White House:
Hillary's released her medical information and tax returns. We're still waiting for Trump to do the same.
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm:
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
RT . stands by running a deplorable campaign. His comments have been bigoted, mean and untrue.
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again.
RT I've been crying for the last 3 hours live tweeting We're really doing this, guys. We're electing the fir…
Thank you Virginia!
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
RT The crowd eagerly awaits for and to take the stage.
We need to fix our broken education system! Video:
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:
RT People are making less real wages than 18 years ago, Trump says in Ohio. "Me, I’m working harder also so I don’t feel…
"I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should." —Hillary
President Obama was born in the United States. He’s American. Trump only has one reason for refusing to admit it.
" Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks."
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
"The future of the economy is on the ballot. I believe that when the middle class thrives, America thrives.” —Hillary
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
You can also listen to the first episode of With Her by streaming here:
RT
Anyone who looks at the African American community and sees only poverty, crime, and despair is missing so much.
"No matter how far he travels, never forgets where he’s from." —Hillary in Scranton
RT RT if you agree: Every student should learn computer science.
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Tim has spent most of his life in public service because he believes in doing everything he can to make a difference in people’s lives.
RT If you haven't voted, NC, needs you to get in line. As long as you're in line when polls close, you can vote.
RT Hillary will deliver on Paris &amp; go further to cut emissions, build renewable energy to power every home in America.
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor and I appreciate your support!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now!
Here's how Trump reacts when he loses an Emmy, the Iowa caucus, a primary, and polls. So yeah, he seems fit for the…
RT Im very proud of tonight. It was a very uncomfortable debate. When he went low, she went high.
Every time Trump makes a show of railing against outsourcing, remember the countries he shipped jobs and profits to:
" I want a "you're fired" president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s.
"We are not going to privatize the V.A., we’re going to reform it." —Hillary
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
" "Republican leadership" should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump."
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just…
Join me on from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy!
Thank you OHIO!
Senator Sessions will serve as the Chairman of my National Security Advisory Committee.
RT FINAL PUSH! Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing! GET OUT AND VOTE! ht…
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton.
There are just 39 days between now &amp; November 8. Just 39 days left in the most important election in our lifetimes.
Just yesterday, Trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the United States.
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:
"I’m asking you to join me, to reject cynicism...to summon what’s best in us; to elect Hillary Clinton as the next president” —
FACT: The Pentagon has identified climate change as a threat to America’s national security.
I love you Arizona! Thank you!
" WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close
RT In the spirit of friendship, here's Donald Trump's ISIS plan for your consideration.
“We cannot afford to squander this opportunity, particularly given the alternative.” —
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
RT The connections between Trump and Russia are real...and they're cause for concern.
"It’s important to give you something to vote for, not just against." —Hillary
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader'
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville: Daytona | 3pm- Jacksonville | 7pm-
RT . kicks off BAZAAR's issue with a powerful and inspiring essay about her mother:
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.) KY his 2nd choice!
Trump’s campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a “genius.”
“I love this country. I will serve it with my entire heart, mind, and soul.” —Hillary on the tarmac to reporters
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of Really nice!
When a man is sued for discriminating against black tenants &amp; pushes birtherism, he's giving you an idea of what kind of president he'd be.
"Who pretends to help kids with HIV/AIDS in order to make themselves look good?” —Hillary on Trump
Only 71 left! Hurry and save $10 on the Art of Politics tote here:
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association!
Thank you Mark.
“She’s strong. She’s respected. She’s admired. There’s nothing that she doesn’t understand about America’s place in the world." —
The Trump Loophole would let millionaires cut their tax rates in half and do nothing for 99.8% of Americans.
"In difficult times, we don't give up, we don't discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them." —
" gets it. Was just on explaining how Trump wins the general election." Thank you Ed!
"Donald, you don’t want to go there.” —Hillary on Trump asking what she’s done for the past 30 years
" Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country."
This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised by politicians. Repub party is in trouble!
Don't believe the Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
"I'm happy to compare my 30 years of experience with your 30 years." —Hillary to Trump
"I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.” —Hillary
. has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her?
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
Why would we give Trump's family a $4 billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix 8,000 bridges?
Join in Cleveland for a concert to help get out the vote for Hillary! Text JAYZ to 47246 for all the details.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! Tickets:
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable!
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
16. You've mentioned ~120 foreign deals, including in countries with national security implications. Where and with whom are you working?
"Trump says he wants to run the nation like he’s run his business. God help us!" —
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Lots of states have registration deadlines today—and she's counting on you to turn out on November 8.…
"As president, I will stand up to China and anyone else who tries to take advantage of American workers and companies." —Hillary
45 reasons why Trump should never be president—just from this week alone.
"We have come a long way in the last 7 1/2 years and I thank President Obama and Vice President Biden for their leadership." —
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you!
There's no such thing as a vote that doesn't count. Today, you can make the difference. RT this—and go vote!…
Can a man who lost $1 billion in one year, stiffed small businesses, and may have paid no taxes really claim he's "…
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me! Ambridge: Wilkes-Barre:…
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog' Time to
"Everything I say I'm going to do, folks, I do." — Here's why that's a disaster for our economy:
"I love this country. I’m proud of this country. I want to be a leader who brings people together." —Hillary
North Korea’s decision to conduct another nuclear test is outrageous and unacceptable.
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
Donald Trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election. That’s a direct threat to our democracy.
" good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight." Thank you.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
RT Was a Trump server communicating with a Russian bank? These cyber experts believe so.
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets Watch:…
"Couldn't have said it better!" —David Duke, former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, on Donald Trump's RNC speech
" Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?
Vice President had the keys to our Instagram today. Check it out:
RT The right to vote is at the heart of our democracy, and a weakened VRA threatens that right for too many. It's time to
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio.…
Hurricane is a major storm. I urge everyone to follow emergency instructions and evacuate if you're told t…
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8. Watch rally here:…
Donald Trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants. It's a test he'd fail.
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
RT Friends: If you live in AL, AK, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VT or VA, get out and VOTE on Tuesday!
Number of times Trump has tweeted at 65 Number of times Trump has tweeted in support of Mike Pence, his running mate: 21
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
The next president should sweat the details on policy—because it's not just a detail when it's your child.
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania!
"There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president." —
"We have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isn’t just the smart thing to do—it’s what the American people demand."
"After a century of trying, we declared that health care in America is not a privilege for a few. It is a right for everybody.” —
"Hillary Clinton knows what Donald Trump betrays time and time again in this campaign: that we are not a zero sum nation." —
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Speech on Veterans' Reform:
I am on with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with throughout the day. Enjoy!
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for - which I don't watch). Thank you!
Lying Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
“ is showing the world what this country stands for. I am proud of our team." —Hillary in Philadelphia:
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, Trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on citizenship.
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
"No matter what they throw at us in these last days, we won’t back down. We won’t be distracted.” —Hillary:
March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas:
"We may have a record-setting turnout in this election. We could have the biggest turnout we've ever had."
"We heard from… He spoke from his big heart about our party’s commitment to working people." —Hillary
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
"It will send a strong and powerful message...that we truly believe in equality." — Register to vote:…
"As president, she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient.” — on Hillary
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
We can’t let Trump’s “manifest unfitness for office” become normal. We need to hold him accountable.
Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me! Tickets:…
RT “When the middle class thrives and our country is strong, businesses thrive too. And when it doesn’t, we don’t.” —
Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. We can’t afford that kind of risk.
Exclusive interview w/ my wife tomorrow morning @ 8amE on w/ Enjoy!
RT "Hillary tiene la experiencia y confío en ella...Para mí, primero país"— exsecretario republicano de Comercio.
"Join us. Take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to —Hillary
" GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
RT Tim Kaine schooled Mike Pence on abortion at the
If you already have student debt, we’ll help you refinance and pay it back as a percentage of your income.
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
RT Ready for the opening ceremony. U.S.A! U.S.A!
Good luck
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:
Supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable child care isn’t a luxury—it’s a necessity.
“Let’s make history!” —Hillary
" is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
"We've got to make this economy work for everyone, not just those at the top." —Hillary:
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to
We need to raise the minimum wage so nobody who works full-time is still in poverty:
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Donald Trump may lie, but the tape doesn't.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
RT Hillary's oldest delegate is 102. Read Jerry's story:
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
“We have a duty to ensure that this country is handed over to a leader that we all can trust.” — on Hillary
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
"Are we going to build a better, stronger America—or are we going to fear each other, and fear our future?" —Hillary
RT Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet…
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
The failing reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"
" we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush in general"
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island!
In 2005, Hillary co-sponsored a bill to raise the minimum wage. Trump...did this.
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the THANK YOU!
Our next president will either step up our efforts to address climate change or drag us backward and put our whole future at risk.
Chip in now to get your free sticker, inspired by
. I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
"Vladimir Putin...isn't my best friend." —Donald Trump
"She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem." —Trump this morning on Alicia Machado
Watch live: Hillary campaigns in Florida with just 13 days left until Election Day →
Great new poll- thank you America!
RT Trump painting the entire African American community as living in poverty with no jobs shows he's completely out of to…
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you!
RT 1. Download our app 2. Complete daily challenges 3. Elect the next president
I will be interviewed by tonight at 8pm on the Enjoy!
Chip in to help make sure Donald Trump never becomes president:
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the 'American Dream!'
" Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time!
Only one candidate in this race has a plan to tackle these issues. See how her plan would help you:
Donald Trump has repeatedly suggested that more countries should have nuclear weapons. Japan, South Korea, even Saudi Arabia.
RT "The first time that a major presidential candidate has actively encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage."
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary!
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS.
Just 54 days left and we don’t have a minute to lose. Text JOIN to 47246 and let’s go win this—together.
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy is unwatchable.
"Ask yourself: In a crisis, who would you trust? Who would listen to good advice, keep a level head, and make the right call?” —Hillary
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets
Do your part to hold Donald Trump to the truth. Follow during tonight's debate for live fact-checking.
"Tim is everything Donald Trump &amp; Mike Pence are not…he is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy." —Hillary
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
RT Our latest cover story: Trump's foreign ties could upend U.S. national security interests
“On the issues, there’s no comparison in terms of thoughtfulness, thoroughness, and practicality." —
RT When Trump went low, went high. We're prouder than ever to be with her.
RT The front page of The New York Times, Nov. 5, 2016
When there are no ceilings, the sky's the limit.
RT Donald Trump suffers from a very serious disease called amnesia. He seems to have forgotten 8 years ago we were losing 8…
RT We Can Do Better, We Must Do Better, We Will Do Better By LTG (R) Keith Kellogg and LTG (R) Michael Flynn
Trump: "Health care—why didn't she do something about it?" Here's Hillary in 1993, testifying for health care refo…
Trump gets criticized by a Latino judge: calls him a "disgrace." A Muslim family: he lashes out. A black pastor:
If we stand together, there's nothing we can't do. Make sure you're ready to vote:
We are not going to criminalize, profile, round up, and deport 16 million people.
"I was so young that first time in Boston...maybe a little nervous addressing such a big crowd, but I was filled with faith.” —
You can go to right now to make sure you’re registered to vote.
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks!
Thank you!
. is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on with
Three pages of Trump's tax returns confirm he's a business failure who's gotten rich at your expense. Imagine what…
Our vision for America is a country where everyone has a place, including, of course, Muslim Americans.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
" The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
Great meeting with Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C.
"I've known Hillary since September of 1958...we were just thinking of the next Nancy Drew book." —Hillary's lifelo…
Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified to be president of the United States:
" Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner via dailycaller"
WATCH: Damning video undermines Trump momentum after accepting nomination →
“I don’t think President Obama &amp; Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving the American economy.”
RT HAPPENING NOW: speaks at our rally in Cleveland about what’s at stake in this election! Watch:
RT The trust of women IS the issue. Pence and Trump don't trust women. Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine do.
. is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
A night to remember.
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
RT More than 70 million Americans aren't registered to vote. We have to do better! Get registered &amp; spread the word:
"It’s great to be back on the campaign trail.” —Hillary in North Carolina. Watch live:
premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace!
The freedoms and privileges that we enjoy as Americans didn’t come out of thin air. People fought and bled and died for them.
RT . concludes Florida rally in the pouring rain
If you're voting for Hillary, don't stop there. We need to support Democrats down the ticket. Here's why:
Paying zero in taxes doesn’t make you "smart." It makes you a tax evader.
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on plans.' Only the beginning!
RT When your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. There's only one candidate who will make col…
When our SEALs took out bin Laden, they brought the terrorists' families to safety first. That's American honor.
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Trump on losing the Emmy tonight: "I should've won." Trump on losing the Emmy in 2012, 2013, and 2014:
One candidate made it clear he wasn’t prepared for last night’s debate. The other made it clear she’s prepared to b…
. should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!
New York, we will make America great again!
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE in November!
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
We don’t need a president who thinks only married people deserve paid leave and only mothers ever stay home with the kids.
Donald Trump's answer for his five years of pushing the racist birther conspiracy theory? "I say nothing."
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Despite what Donald Trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals.
RT Pres. Obama on RNC: "Some of the fears that were expressed throughout the week just don't jive with the facts."
"We want someone who is a unifying force in this country, who sees our differences not as a threat, but as as blessing." —
RT FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing: Source (via
"First ladies, we rock." — Get all the highlights from Michelle and Hillary's first-ever joint rally:
We're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement.
"YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION"
This choice couldn't be starker.
I'm thrilled to announce my running mate, a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H
We've always had destructive hurricanes, but Hurricane Matthew was likely more destructive because of climate change.
"Even in the middle of crisis, she is calm and cool and collected.” — on Hillary
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm!
Thank you America!
"Hillary Clinton is a fighter for all of us. She's the fighter we need."
This shouldn't have to be said: You don’t just get to say someone else did the worst things you’ve done. It doesn’t work. No one buys it.
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton'
. worries are all-too-common. We need to make attending a community college completely tuition free.
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE watch this afternoons rally here:…
Stronger together.
“He says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break. That’s a bunch of malarkey." — on Donald Trump
Thanks to everyone who’s reached out with well wishes! I’m feeling fine and getting better. -H
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
"No matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever quits." —
" FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police"
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
The American people have always made this country great.
I will be watching the great Governor and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
While Trump is making an unprecedented attack on democracy, millions of Americans are voting. Join them:
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! Tickets:
Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement! VOTE VIDEO:
RT Loved chatting with for the about what's at stake in this election!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
Wow, ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump, all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
" Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:
This election is a choice between an economy that benefits everyone or an economy that benefits...Donald Trump.
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history!
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!
RT Donald Trump seems to think $15 million is a "small loan."
"Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say, enough is enough.” — on Trump
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via
"The clean energy superpower of the 21st century is probably going to be Germany, China, or us—and I want it to be us." —Hillary in Miami
20 years ago, when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination, he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the Party to get out.
Seems like Pence forgot a lot of the things Trump has been saying throughout his campaign! Here to help:
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!
" I totally agree! is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!"
Thank you,
"For those of you out there who are just getting to know make the whole country proud as our vice president." —Hillary
" let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy, foreign policy, and NATO!
Let's go win this, together.
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
RT Voted early today. Make sure you vote too:
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right.
RT Trump is just wrong about crime.
Final just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!
What I would do on my first day in office. Watch:
Trump can't win tonight's debate by lying to the American people.
RT This will get lost in the Trump news but Hillary Clinton's debate performance was close to flawless.
" Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!"
Thank you Illinois!
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district!
Looking forward to meeting with in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!
RT This is what it feels like to make Thank you for early voting for
If Trump is serious about "making America great again," he should start by making his products in America.
RT Hillary calls Trump's remarks "horrific" while she lives with and protects a "Rapist". Her actions are horrific.
Almost every newspaper that has endorsed a presidential candidate in the general election has endorsed Hillary.
RT What a scary statistic! Americans are working harder and making less! We need competent leadership!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Thank you Tampa, Florida!
"There’s only one person in this race who will be there, who’s always been there…that’s Hillary Clinton's life’s story" —
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks,
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Thank you many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
RT Take it from those who have been there - Trump is not ready for the responsibility of being president:
Trump's detailed medical records are part of a laundry list of things he's hiding from the American public.
"If we have a president who...brags about sexually assaulting women, then how can we maintain our moral authority in the world?" —
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! Tickets:
" hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic
Now that's pretty rich coming from a guy who paid $0 in taxes for 18 years:
RT RT if you believe Donald Trump's actions speak louder than his empty words.
" is a good man. He’s a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." —
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's
RT This paper has not endorsed a Democrat for president in its 148-year history. Until now. Here's why:
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Trump wants to be our Commander-in-Chief. Here's how he's treated veterans thus far:
Hillary's live in Cleveland talking about what we need to do to move our country forward. Watch here:
Instead of dark and divisive, our vision for America is hopeful and inclusive. Big-hearted, not small-minded. It’s about lifting people up.
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
"I served with her in the United States Senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children.” —
Trump doesn't represent us or our values. Join the 100,000 people who have already signed our letter if you agree:
"Register. Vote. Go out and get engaged!” —
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! Tickets:
" is trying so hard to bash it's ridiculous" Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with Join us!
"This man is totally, thoroughly unqualified to be president." — on
It's time to hold Trump accountable to the facts. Follow during tonight's debate to help spread the word.
" . thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people."
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
"I’m reaching out to Republicans and Independents as well as Democrats because I want to be president for all Americans.” —Hillary
"It's pretty obvious he doesn't know a lot about the issues." — on Trump We couldn't agree more, Mitch
RT 13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC. Register:
When the president gives the order to launch a nuclear weapon, that’s it. The officer has to launch. It can take as little as four minutes.
Glad to be back in Iowa today where it all began for the start of early voting. Find your polling place here: -H
RT RT if you believe is the one who owes America an apology!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
"I want an America where everyone has a place, where everyone is included.” —Hillary in Ohio
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address:
" Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: 7,546,980; 5,481,737; 2,724,749" A BIG DIFFERENCE
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
" Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only will change it"
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!
" he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm!
" We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!"
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring!
We’ve got to raise the minimum wage. No one who works full-time should still be in poverty.
This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative.
The seriously failing despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
RT Here's everything Mike Pence and Donald Trump have offered on defeating ISIS.
"We have to reject and stand up against the appeals to the kind of bigotry...that we see from Trump’s campaign." —Hillary
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is laughable!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
RT Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of Says played a big role
Does Trump have the discipline to be a good leader? You decide.
" Thanks for Rochester rally." Great people, thank you!
You want something to vote for, not just against: Optimism, not resentment. Answers, not anger. Ideas, not insults. Bridges, not walls.
"A person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way."
“America, we will rise.” —
20 days left. Let's win this. Make your custom video to show the world why you believe that
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
Sign up for the chance to join Hillary on Election Night in NYC—and bring a guest! We'll take care of the details:
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
RT Obama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech...
RT Primero, un "taco bowl". Y ahora, Joe Arpaio. Nada más que decir.
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
"Then she went down to South Texas…and registered Mexican-American voters.” — on Hillary
RT In case you needed a reminder that Donald Trump doesn’t know a thing about national security.
RT Final rally of the Hillary Clinton campaign in Raleigh, N.C., and it's officially Tuesday, Nov. 8.
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
" We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!" Nice
“She's got the knowledge and experience and the temperament to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” — on Hillary
"We don’t fear the future; we shape it, we embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own.” —
"If you're not registered, and you're eligible as an American citizen, please go sign up." —Hillary in Nevada:
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm! Tickets:
"I won't stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign." —Hillary
RT On International we remain committed to providing what we all want for our daughters: a future of limitless possi…
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 3pm- 7pm-
Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
RT Reminder: last year, Clinton pledged she had turned over all work-related email under penalty of perjury ⬇️
- OHIO RALLY! Watch here:
Happy 4th of July!
"Hillary Clinton is not just the only safe choice in this election — she’s also the right choice." —
Anyone who can be provoked by a tweet shouldn’t be anywhere near nuclear weapons.
"Hillary Clinton is far better than Trump or anyone else running. She should be president." —
The headline says it all.
Thank you Anaheim, California!
I believe in and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas…
" Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon.
" TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
"I don’t believe we’re at our best when we stoke fear about each other.” —Hillary Make a plan to vote if you agree:
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
RT "She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance, she’d put the Oval Office up for sale too."
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
“He has put Chinese steelworkers to work, not American steelworkers, and we’re going to change that.” —Hillary on Trump
RT Law enforcement officers bring communities together &amp; keep us safe. &amp; RESPECT &amp; stand by them!…
. Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down!
Donald Trump has a unique view of the Bill of Rights. Here’s what it might look like under his presidency:
The president takes an oath to "preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution." Does Trump know what's in it?
"The president commands our nuclear arsenal. Trump can’t command his own rhetoric." —
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system.
"Our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer America we seek. And I know you will.”
" A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work.
RT “I had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the 1930s, but hey, tough times don't last—tough people do.” —Tim
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her!
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
Hawaii: Idaho: Mississippi: Michigan:
" General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS!
RT Hillary Clinton recites Jay Z lyrics: "Rosa Parks sat so Martin Luther could walk ..."
" There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates! Thank you.
“This election is a reckoning. It is a choice between division and unity.” —Hillary
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
On day three, the officially welcomed to the ticket—and brought down the house:
RT Some stats from the field: door knocks last weekend in PA were up 261% from the same weekend in 2012; 108% in OH.
On this day in 1920, the 19th Amendment was adopted and many women won the right to vote. Let's break more ceilings.
Thank you Alabama!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“It might seem like a very small thing, but these small policies matter.” — on Hillary improving passpor…
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
We have to stand up to this hate. We have to send a clear message: America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump.
Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income.
Tonight, Trump is going to try and claim he's ready to be Commander-in-Chief. The facts say otherwise. Follow to see why.
RT "Not a single CEO of a Fortune 100 company supports Trump’s campaign." —
Take it from This election is too important to sit out. Register to vote:
“I will do everything I can to get incomes rising again for hardworking people…you deserve to be part of a growing, thriving middle class.”
Targeting police officers with violence is unacceptable. My heart breaks for the loss these families have suffered.…
Join me tomorrow! Omaha, Nebraska: Eugene, Oregon:
"No matter where life takes me I always remember I am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner."
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado!
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase:
Born Sept. 1, 1933, former TX Gov. Ann Richards opened doors for women and minorities in her own state and beyond.
"When your children and grandchildren ask what you did in 2016...I hope you’ll say you voted for a better America.” —Hillary
After I will visit in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
" this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting!
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
If you believe all our kids should have good schools and good teachers, no matter what ZIP code they live in, then…
RT "I took a year off law school to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras. I taught kids welding &amp; carpentry."
Families across America are feeling the strain from prescription drug price-gouging. Here's how we'll take this on:
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE on 11/8. Lets Full Naples rally…
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
RT . if you wanted a refresher on Hillary’s accomplishments as Secretary of State.
RT It’s US vs. them! will fight for you!
We're on track to having the biggest voter turnout in American history. Be a part of it and make a plan to vote:
"Hillary Clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. Donald Trump would be a catastrophe." —
"This is not the outcome we wanted. I’m sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country."
" Just Watched Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job
RT On the fourth anniversary of Juan remembers that "glass ceiling-shattering moment"→
Thank you,
RT Here is LeBron introducing Hillary: "We have to get out and make sure we vote"
I watched Sen. Graham Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
“This one’s for you, Hill.”
RT It's been 5 years, and Trump's still pushing the notion that isn't American.
We’re going to make public colleges tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year and debt-free for everyone else.
RT Hillary Clinton eviscerated Trump on abortion during the debate
RT won this debate on judgment, intelligence, maturity. Trump showed how disastrously ill-suited he is fo…
What a woman president would mean to teenage girls:
RT The difference between Hillary and Donald in less than 45 seconds.
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Will be interviewed on on from tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Our Commander-in-Chief shouldn’t insult and deride our generals, retired or otherwise. That really should go without saying.
RT Donald Trump asks what the African American community has to lose by voting for him. The answer: everything.
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen…
“When the going gets tough, Hillary is the person we want on our side because she never gives up. She never quits.” —
"Clinton’s economic policies...will result in a stronger U.S. economy.” —Mark Zandi, John McCain's economic advisor
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Trump and Pence's courting of white supremacists isn't a game: It's normalizing racism. And it's deplorable.
RT A Democrat hasn't won Arizona since 1996, but you wouldn't know it looking at this rally in Tempe! 🙌🙌🏻🙌🏼🙌…
Trump said he’s "very proud” to lead the birther movement to discredit Here’s how he spread the racist lie:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Too many talented young people pass up on programs like because of student loans. Let's use GOOD JUDGMENT &amp; lighten that burden.
Give the Trump family a huge tax cut or take care of our veterans? Not a hard choice.
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
RT Hillary’s college plan will bring about a long-awaited transformation of higher education in America. Here's how:
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in.
Watch live: Hillary campaigns in Des Moines, IA with 11 days to go → Make a plan to vote:
With the first local transmission of Zika in FL, it’s even more critical for Republicans to stop blocking action:
Even the and Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
" Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media."
RT When bombs rain down, they rush in. Inspired by the White Helmets &amp; others helping those in need worldwide.
"The policies of this administration have driven this economy into a ditch.” —Pence Nope.
Many people are saying Donald Trump doesn't have the discipline, temperament, or vision to be president.
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
Brought to you by &amp; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois.
"Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.” —Hillary
"Valiente. Brave. That’s what Hillary...called me when I told her I was worried my parents would be deported" —Karla
" Dear I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN!
Many states have voter registration deadlines today. Don't sit out—make sure you're registered to vote:
RT "I sold Trump $100,000 worth of pianos. Then he stiffed me." via
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Hillary teamed up with on a plan to make college debt-free for all Americans.
RT It's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump: N…
Thank you Rhode Island!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
RT "We cannot succeed when half of us are held back. Education is the only solution."—Malala
Your courage is inspiring, Mrs. Khan—and you’re right.
RT I am so proud to stand with She could not have been more poised or presidential.
Thank you America - great polls!
RT “Al igual que Hillary... he luchado toda mi vida por los derechos humanos, mujeres, trabajadores” —
FACT: The helps 11.5 million people with HIV/AIDS worldwide get their medication.
If you're with Hillary, now's the time to show it. Chip in before tonight's debate to have her back:
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care of our vets!
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm!
“I can’t believe I’m saying a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women.” —
RT Is debating Crooked or the moderators, and
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history." — on Hillary
Time to in Washington, D.C. and VOTE on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE…
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. on is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
"Come January 20, America will have a new president. ... The question is, what kind of change are we going to see?" —Hillary
Let’s make sure our future is in the right hands.
RT Deeply concerned by raid on Many detained, incl. LGBT citizens deserve protection.
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’
RT . There is only one candidate who has devoted her entire life to lifting up America, and that's Hillary Clinton.
Donald Trump just got one of his only newspaper endorsements of this election...from the Ku Klux Klan.
Moderator: “Respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.”
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
" Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it"
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida!
"She flew all night from Cambodia to the Middle East to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between Hamas and Israel." —
When Donald Trump goes low, we go high.
Take out your phone and text JOIN to 47246. We’re hiring organizers right here in Pennsylvania and across the country.
Donald Trump has spent years peddling lies about President Obama. And that didn't stop today.
RT Chelsea Clinton on "I am fiercely, ridiculously proud to be her daughter."
. is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
"Anyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night." —Hillary
There is so much more that unites us than divides us. That's why we're the greatest country on Earth.
Donald Trump is using his foundation—funded by other people's money—to settle lawsuits.
Tomorrow, we have the chance to stand up for the America we believe in. RT this if you're voting.…
Isn't it time to have a mom in the Oval Office?
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
RT Creating jobs — it's what Democrats do. In 3 months, let's elect another one:
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! on Tuesday!
"He's 70 years old, and he's still a bully." —Karen on
RT The choice in this election is whether we will solve the climate crisis in time or whether the United States will move backward…
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Cleveland about building an economy that works for everyone →
Great poll- Florida! Thank you!
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
. so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers.
RT Doors opened at 8! Cleveland is voting early for Hillary!
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929.
Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage and said wages in America are too high.
"Dignity and respect for women and girls is also on the ballot this election.” —Hillary
RT Virginians have known and loved for decades—and we're proud to have him on Team Hillary:
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join in Nevada on Mon! Carson City: Reno:
Newspapers that have endorsed 1. ... 2. ... 3. (Uh, the National Enquirer?)
. is changing their theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying is worse.Their phony poll is a joke!
. who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on
" I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a fan. Love it."
Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
RT The Atlantic endorses Hillary Clinton for president
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings!
. 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage
RT We're live on Facebook giving a demo of our Hillary for America mobile app. Tune in to get an inside look:
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big.
We’re going to make college debt-free for all and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt:
I am in Virginia Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here:
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!…
“[Trump] deducted somebody else’s losses."
“Sandy, my fourth of five daughters, was gone… So many of our children gone but not forgotten” —Geneva Reed-Veal, Sandra Bland’s mother.
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to Thank you
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
I can't believe that would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
"With Donald, it’s always Donald Trump first and everyone else last.” —Hillary
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT Friends in &amp; we would be honored to have your
RT BREAKING: will return to Arizona on Wednesday! RSVP here:
"We have still have not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling. But some day, someone will." —Hillary
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
So what has the been up to? Helping millions of people get more affordable medicine to treat HIV/AIDS.
" . of the fame - We CAN do this! We can with
" self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like Who owns Ted?"
RT NARAL president on Hillary Clinton's VP pick
"I really want to be president for all of the kids in America, to do everything I can to help you.” —Hillary in Pittsburgh
I will be interviewed on and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
RT WATCH: me + friends supporting
RT “Y bienvenidos a todos, bienvenidos a todos a nuestro país porque somos americanos todos”—
"We truly are stronger together — and together, we’re going to make history." A note from Hillary:
RT . &amp; think you're &amp; &amp; think you're PATR…
When you're comparing Hillary's and Trump's economic plans, there are two numbers you need to know.
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
“In the first 100 days, we’ll put forward a comprehensive immigration reform package that includes a path to citizenship.” —
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
"When you're president...knowing what you're doing is a good thing. And Hillary Clinton absolutely knows what she's doing." —
The endorses Hillary:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Women have the power to stop Trump.
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic for the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
Your nominee for president has some thoughts on graphic design.
RT He's humble.He's incredibly smart.He's a joyful warrior,a kind &amp; thoughtful person.He'll be a wonderful VP! Congrats to my f…
“I am grateful to our country for all it has given me. I count my blessings every day that I am an American.” —Hillary
Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico."
"She is fit and she is ready to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” — on Hillary
RT . is a fighter. And she just proved, once again, that she's the only candidate who has what it takes to b…
"This guy is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief and he’s not equipped to be president.” — on Trump in North Carolina
"I want to thank Tim Kaine and Anne Holton for being our partners on this journey." —Hillary
The disastrous Mexico wall trip: a case study in the Trump school of diplomacy.
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
"I’m really glad my dad never had a contract with Donald Trump.” —Hillary
" Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too."
Donald Trump's pattern of prejudice and discrimination started long before he was a presidential candidate.
RT Hillary Clinton’s three debate performances left the Trump campaign in ruins
22 memorable moments from the Democratic Convention that you probably missed:
RT Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote!
Hillary's spent her career helping others. He only helps himself. A side-by-side comparison:
"Latinas still make 55 cents for every dollar a white man makes. That’s just totally unacceptable." —Hillary
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on tonight- at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good!
There are a lot of reasons to vote against Donald Trump. Maybe, for you, it’s his dangerous statements about using…
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
A political commentator for which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
Thank you Mississippi!
Don't boo, vote early! Find out when you can vote in your state at
RT Senator Tim Kaine: "Everyone deserves affordable higher education"
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
"We have never before had a more qualified or prepared candidate for president than Hillary Clinton.” —
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas.
Just sat down for a great interview with in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina!
" it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done."
45 years later, I couldn’t be happier to have you by my side. Happy birthday, Bill! -H
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon.
Governor and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! Tickets:…
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
"What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? Their homes? Their life savings?" —Warren on Trump
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
RT Presidential &amp; VP candidates &amp; are now answering in their Session!
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency." -- Donald J. Trump
A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief.
Sec. of Labor Frances Perkins was our first woman cabinet member and an architect of the Fair Labor Standards Act.
"Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she’s spent a lifetime doing it." —
"I know it seems a little odd for someone running for president to say we need more love and kindness in America."
“There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America.” —
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism.
RT Those of us who are compassionate need to put someone in office who will take care of those of us who are less fortunate.
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!
LIVE on Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS
"He preyed on...people who had fallen on hard times. He’s conned them, he’s defrauded them, and he’s ripped them off.” —Warren on Trump
Last night, we put the biggest crack yet in that highest, hardest glass ceiling. Here are the highlights:
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
RT "[Trump] was born with a silver spoon in his mouth that he's now choking on because his foot's in his mouth along with the sp…
If this man's resume landed on your desk, would you hire him for anything?
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
RT Most of Trump's merchandise is MADE IN (just about everywhere except) THE USA.
"From the first days of his campaign, Donald Trump has painted Mexicans as 'rapists' and criminals."
Thank you Delaware!
Proud of you, We can all learn from your courage in standing up to stigma.
First lady of Arkansas First lady of the United States Senator Secretary of state President? That's up to you:…
RT If you pay your taxes, what does this mean Donald Trump thinks of you?
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve." —
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"You can go vote early right now. Early voting started on Wednesday...go to — in Ohio
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE!
"We trust American women." — on a woman's right to abortion
"It’s time to get out the vote."
Check out our new tool: Every time tweets something offensive, automatically donate.
We need a president who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone.
"Donald Trump doesn’t have anything to offer but anger, and grievance, and blame.” —
So, how did Donald Trump's first swing at diplomacy go? Not so great. Try to follow his decision-making process:
Maybe there's a reason Donald Trump refuses to release a real plan to combat ISIS.
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
Thank you for your support!
“We need to show each other more kindness and support. The last thing we need in our country is more bullies.” —Hillary
" yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!"
RT Aplaudo al 5to Circuito por bloquear la ley de ID del votante en Texas, de las más restrictivas. Facilitemos el voto, no l…
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
This is my pledge to the American people:
Anyone willing to sink so low, so often should never be allowed to serve as our Commander-in-Chief.
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back.
RT Hillary Clinton is paying respects at the Pulse nightclub memorial in Orlando
" is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. He is weak on illegal immigration!
Thank you Nevada!
The cost of attending HBCUs should never prevent anyone—from attending one:
Let's do this.
"I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."
RT Thank you for letting me share why
RT "Donald Trump can’t start a Twitter war with Miss Universe without shooting himself in the foot.” —Tim
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
"When Flint's water poisons its children, it hurts all of us. These are our children." —
Trump's called for a new tax loophole—the Trump Loophole. He'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies.
63 days left. Watch live as Hillary hits the trail in Tampa →
RT Donald Trump’s tax plan mostly helps...Donald Trump. And people like him at the top.
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT:
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes!
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event!
RT The US government took the unprecedented step of declaring that the Russian government is behind these hacks.
RT I've been fortunate to meet young Americans from all over the country. We all make choices. This is mine...
Five women older than their right to vote share why they're with Hillary:
It's Election Day! Millions of Americans have cast their votes for Hillary—join them and confirm where you vote:
Six moments from last night's debate that prove Trump is totally unfit to be president.
RT this if you agree.
I hope when the MSM runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com…
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest.
Thanks Piers.
" Here's Trump in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch.
RT My next project is pretty amazing…! xx, Ivanka
RT Unlike her opponent, Hillary's plan to defeat ISIS is not a secret.
With just 10 days to go, Republicans are pulling out all the stops to try to bring Hillary down. RT this to help ge…
"There are an awful lot of people who’ve put their trust and faith in Hillary. And she has always delivered.” —
"When any barrier falls in America, for anyone, it clears the way for everyone...when there are no ceilings, the sky’s the limit." —Hillary
"Racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country.” — in New Hampshire
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE…
Thank you Tennessee!
" Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house!
" congratulations from India"
“ — Trump's peer reviews are dismal:
Crazy supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
"We’ve reached a milestone...the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president." —Hillary
" Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt;
18. We'll let ask this one:
The failing has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
"Hillary...understands that if someone in this country works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty." —
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Who are you fighting for? Donate in their honor to help Hillary win:
COMING UP on
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog…
Donald Trump’s campaign of prejudice and paranoia is unlike anything we’ve seen—and it’s profoundly dangerous.
I was at and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
With just 10 days until Election Day, Hillary’s on the trail in Florida. Watch live:
RT . That's what we girls do! And it's so clear is the only candidate prepared to be presid…
Still time to get out and VOTE!
RT Make a plan to vote!
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'. Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
"With the election just 8 days away...Trump should immediately disclose all of his ties and connections to the Kremlin and its associates."
RT Beyonce at Clinton rally: "We have to think about the future of our daughters, our sons"
RT Campaigning in Florida today with Alicia Machado.
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
Thank you California!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton:
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
RT Hillary is "guided by the sacrifice" of those that give their life to this country. Trump denigrates their families
Yeah, Donald Trump has been a real gem to working women.
Hillary says this election is about judgment. She's right. Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
Trump wants to give trillions in tax cuts to millionaires and corporations. It’s trickle-down economics on steroids.
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
" Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took." Thanks.
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
" you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016" Thank you!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan!
The poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
RT Trump Tax Records Obtained by The Times Reveal He Could Have Avoided Paying Taxes for Nearly Two Decades
. You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Most people who are bullies grow out of it. Donald Trump hasn't.
Carter. Bush. Clinton. Bush. Obama. Not one of them believes Donald Trump has what it takes to be president.
Trump's plan wouldn't just cut taxes for rich people—it would raise taxes for millions of middle-class families.
It’s easy to get cynical about politics, but that’s what the other side wants you to feel. Prove them wrong:
"We don’t want to shrink the vision of this country. We want to keep expanding it.” —Hillary
It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it, but his smear against President Obama requires it.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
This is one of the best things about Americans—we’re doers. When we see something that needs fixing, we roll up our sleeves and get to work.
Today in 1872, Susan B. Anthony voted—and was then arrested. Almost 50 years later, the 19th Amendment was ratified…
" CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!"
Proud to mark 22 years of the Violence Against Women Act. Our work isn't done until women in every community are safe from violence.
. just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!
We counted all the times Donald Trump lied in last night’s debate so you didn’t have to.
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Houston, TX: Las Vegas, NV Phoenix, AZ:
Trump on equal pay: "Do as good a job" as men. Abortion? Should be "punished." Pregnancy? An "inconvenience." Wives working? "Dangerous."
The reporting on Hillary's emails has left the basis of facts and veered into dangerous territory.
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. Tickets:
"I want to be a president for all Americans: Democrats, Republicans, Independents. Not just people who support me, but everyone.” —Hillary
Even before his hateful speech this week, Trump has never been vague about his feelings toward immigrants.
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
RT Trump stood on the debate stage last week and said not paying taxes “makes me smart.” Guess that makes all the rest of us st…
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
RT . is here to talk about the REAL issues
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Donald Trump is really good at spending other people's money—on: Legal settlements. Payoffs. Portraits of himself.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
" "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
AMERICA FIRST!
" Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing:
Thanks,
"Tough times don't last, but tough people do." — in his first speech as Hillary's running mate
UNBELIEVABLE! Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times:
Last night, swimmer won gold and broke her own world record in the 400m freestyle. Congrats, Katie!
When you're 27 million strong, no one can tell you that you don't belong.
Remember, don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
RT Khizr Khan: "Thankfully, Mr. Trump, this isn't your America"
RT Love this. " has spent her life fighting for children—here are 8 ways she’s changed their lives."
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." —Hillary
"That's called business." —Donald Trump on the housing crash. For millions of Americans it was called "losing their home."
" Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe -
Congratulations on your Emmy, Kate! Big fan of yours, too.
"I've been bullied for being Muslim. ... It hurts, you know." This is the Trump Effect:
. oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826.…
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here:
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc…
Captain Humayun Khan died serving his country—and saving his entire unit. Trump seems to think someone like him do…
" 1st time I heard I said "wow". I liked him! I then became a closet fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish so too should our country. We can be great!
Hillary has earned nearly every newspaper endorsement of the general election. Here's why:
Donald Trump's plan on immigration has been clear all along: demonize immigrants, "build a wall," deport millions.
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
" Donald Trump will be greater president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
RT This fall, USPS will honor joyous Hindu Festival of with a Forever® stamp!
RT During the debate, Mike Pence simply ignored the Donald Trump we have seen on the trail for more than a year.
RT Donald won't commit to support our election outcome, won’t condemn Putin, and won't defend American democracy. Yet he wants t…
Every employee, from the CEO suite to the factory floor, contributes to a business’ success, so everybody should share in the rewards.
RT me on Mike Pence winning the debate in an alternate reality where Donald Trump is not the nominee
. lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum.
RT 🚨BREAKING🚨: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents"
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor It is time to &amp;
"You have a chance to elect a woman, our first female president, who has spent her entire life moving this country forward.” —
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
RT Glad to hear it will be easier to vote in AZ before Tuesday. As in years before, neighbors can take neighbors' ballots to…
RT ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?!
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
This is the simple fact about she is a typical politician - all talk, no action.
RT Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never…
RT Universal broadband, 5G wireless, CS Ed for all, open internet-- all in "wonkiest ever" tech plan.
" Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!"
"Chelsea, thank you. I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman you’ve become." —Hillary
We have a Republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we’ve never seen before.
RT NEW: will double the Child Tax Credit to $2,000 for young kids, rewarding work &amp; reducing poverty:
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina!
Thank you
Young people were among the hardest hit during the great recession—and the effects still linger.
In 1995, Hillary declared that "women's rights are human rights." Trump lost nearly a billion dollars.…
" Listening to interview on replay of Savage Nation DONALD TRUMP !!!!!" Thanks.
RT ENDORSEMENT: The Denver Post endorses Hillary Clinton for president - it's an easy call.
Trump first gained political prominence promoting the racist lie that President Obama isn’t really an American.
RT If politicians are measured by their honesty, Pence destroyed his reputation tonight.
I will be interviewed on tonight at 11pmE Enjoy!
Let’s go out and build the future.
RT I wanted to be first at my polling place, but 99-year-old Minerva Turpin beat me to it. Looks like I need to get used to bein…
Before Hillary, the last Democrat the endorsed was FDR:
The reporting at the failing gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Election Day is almost here. Make a plan to join your friends and millions across the country to vote on November 8…
"Knowing her was one of Hillary’s greatest gifts to me.” — on Hillary’s mother, Dorothy Rodham
Day one of the Democratic Convention is in the books. Catch up on what you missed here:
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:…
RT For a century, Planned Parenthood has made it possible for women to determine their own lives. Here's to another
Just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings Joe a mess!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
"I know she will fight to keep our families together, nuestras familias” —DREAMer on Hillary
Beautiful morning- thank you
"There is no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump is unqualified and unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician.
Coming out often takes incredible courage. On let's honor that courage by showing LGBT Ameri…
Dozens of former nuclear launch officers agree: Donald Trump should never be in charge of America's nuclear weapons.
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!
Donald Trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
What kind of a person brags on 9/11 that, now that the Twin Towers had fallen, a building he owned was the tallest in Lower Manhattan?
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about But he's right:
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten.
Thank you for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina.
" FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE - TRUMP IS WINNING
Ask yourself: Do you want the guy who lost a billion dollars in one year—running a casino!—to run the U.S. economy?
RT Are you registered to vote? Can you vote early? Find out! RT! 🇺🇸
. ranked a Donald Trump presidency as the third greatest threat to the global economy.
" ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!
" HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of &amp; I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!
Trump says disqualifying things almost every day—but his policy "plans" matter too. We put them next to Hillary's:
RT Clinton easily won this debate. She won all 3 debates. I'm not sure Trump ever understood the nature/goal of these debate…
Here in America, we are taught to and we should respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity.
RT Outstanding 3 for 3 debate sweep for Nobody has ever been more prepared to be
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President!
"Hillary Clinton is respected around the world, not just by leaders, but by the people they serve.” —
" I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!"
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore.
What Trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. Apologize to the President, and to the American people.
Wow, is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
We had our best analysts create a calculator to see how much you'd pay in taxes if you paid the same as Trump:
RT Tonight, we heard from two candidates -- but only one president.
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at
VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’"
" thanks for sharing Eric we need now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe"
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon.
Thank you Marco, I agree!
A person who implies that veterans suffering from PTS are not "strong" is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Period.
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:…
We are going to respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity.
" Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote!
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! Tickets:
RT Hillary won’t just meet the goals we set in Paris—she’ll aim to exceed them &amp; cut emissions as much as 30% by 2025.
Today is Hillary's birthday! Find out what she was doing the year you were born:
I will be interviewed by tonight on 7pm ET
“As we look into the eyes of our children...the stakes in this election could not be more clear.” —
"Trump...tarnish[es] almost everyone around him because to work with him, they have to defend the indefensible."
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime…
. has never endorsed a candidate for political office. Until now:
RT And whether or not he chooses to acknowledge climate change in his campaign, even Donald can’t ignore it forever...
After his lawyers advised against it, Trump used a "legally dubious" strategy to avoid paying taxes for years.
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?
Honored to receive an endorsement from - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG…
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
Don’t let anybody tell you America’s best days are behind us.
A few things you should know about Trump's V̶P̶ ̶p̶i̶c̶k̶ convention speaker, Newt Gingrich.
RT Hillary Clinton won the second mostly because Donald Trump totally imploded
RT Here's how easy it would be for Donald Trump to launch a nuclear weapon on a whim.
Thanks for the kind words, Mike.
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
The facts are clear: Trump refuses to admit he is wrong on the Central Park jogger case and continues to peddle yet…
Rumor has it that is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's
Mike Pence’s governorship has been devastating to Indiana women. Just ask one of them:
" I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake"
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution.
Thank you Sacramento, California!
Let’s go make some history today.
Thanks!
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama." -- Donald J. Trump
"I was just blown away by this 9-year-old girl." —Hillary on meeting disability rights advocate
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:
Stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work!
Great new poll - thank you!
“In Philadelphia, we’ll offer a very different vision for our country. One that is about building bridges, not walls.” —Hillary
Donald Trump chose one of the most anti-LGBT politicians in the country to be his Vice President.
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!
No matter where you are, you can help Hillary win in November. All you need is a smartphone.
Mocking a disabled reporter. Attacking a Gold Star family. Insulting a judge. Trump has never apologized—because that's just who Trump is.
"I believe there has never been a man or woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as our president." —
Is Hillary really protecting women?
"He lost $1 billion running a casino. Who does that?” —Hillary on Trump:
RT Hillary knows it and knows it. That's why we're proud to stand with them.
We have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top.
Very concerned about the outage in Puerto Rico and the millions of families who don't have power. Hoping it's resto…
Donald Trump's plan is just a repackaging of trickle-down economics—and it doesn’t help our economy or the vast majority of Americans.
"Hillary Clinton has the potential to be an excellent president of the United States." —
" please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful" Good!
"If you believe that every man, woman &amp; child in America has the right to affordable health care, join us!” —Hillary
Trump's trickle-down economic plan: big giveaways for those at the top at the expense of everyone else.
“Today, I want to just spend a few minutes focusing on...what [Trump] has said—and what he has done—to women and girls.” —Hillary
“This guy doesn’t care about the middle class...he doesn’t understand it. He doesn’t have a clue.” — on Donald Trump
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
" I trust more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a doubt.
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Young people face tough challenges, but they have the ability to do something about it: Vote.
"Hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job, see when she gets knocked down…she gets right back up.” —
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you!
" I believe that will be the big winner tomorrow." Thank you!
Thank you Kentucky!
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
RT While Republicans attack the Clinton Foundation, the Clinton Foundation is attacking HIV/AIDs and Malaria.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:
"I want a president who stands up against intolerance." The cast of on why they're with Hillary:…
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm!
Comparing 30 years of public service with…Trump.
Ready to pass the baton.
RT "Government insiders are perplexed." We would go farther.
Donald Trump said he has "great respect" for women. His actions and words say otherwise.
"Tim has led on some of the most important issues facing our country—from voting rights to LGBT equality to criminal justice reform."
1973: Hillary takes on discrimination against kids with disabilities. Trump gets sued for housing discrimination.…
"If I were in charge, they would know...waterboarding is how we'd baptize terrorists." —Sarah Palin, Trump supporter
"On every issue, Hillary Clinton is the superior candidate. Hands down." —
" Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president
"I am not going to let anybody rip up the progress that we’ve made.” —Hillary
RT . has endorsed to serve as the next president of the United States:
" Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!"
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take back our country, and Watch video &amp; go
Thank you
It's time to tell that Wall Street works for Main Street—not the other way around.
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon!
RT Once again, Trump's own words are the best evidence he's not fit to be president.
For respect. For the future. For our planet. On Tuesday, they're gonna hear us roar:
Tonight, Trump dismissed his comments about groping women as "locker room talk." But words matter.
" Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle"
"All the progress we've made these last 8 years is on the ballot." — Make sure you're ready to vote:
Imagine how you'll feel the day after the election if we haven't joined together to chart a course of optimism.
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it!
For years, Trump has been taking from American taxpayers with both hands and giving nothing back.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
RT GOP cares more about defunding and protecting the Confederate flag than protecting millions from Zika:
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK!
There will be no amnesty!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
RT Thank you to the for standing with the LGBT community today! A big win for equality and fairness over discriminatio…
RT Be one of the millions of Americans who vote before Election Day. Head to for more information.
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; tomorrow!
Building an inclusive economy is another reason we’ve got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm: Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm:
“We are stronger together and will go forward together. And you should never, ever regret fighting for that.” —Hillary
When we all show up on November 8, we'll secure legacy and build on our progress:
RT We found it civically vital to reprint our recommendation for in 4 languages widely spoken here
= Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
"The best way I can sum up what I hope this election will lead to...is: Love trumps hate." —Hillary
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Our democracy is built on fair elections and peaceful transfer of power. Trump can't threaten that just because he…
Thank you Arizona!
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm!
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon!
RT Last nights winner was clear &amp; it will be proven time &amp; time again - lets Lets WIN!!
RT Thousands of Trump University students believed Donald Trump when he said he would help them succeed. They all got stiffed.
Progress is on the ballot:
Our kids deserve good schools with good teachers, no matter what ZIP code they live in.
Wacky who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
"Less than 100 years ago, women did not have the right to vote. Look how far we’ve come.” —
The Paris Climate Agreement is our last, best chance to solve the climate crisis. Donald Trump wants to cancel it.
Make sure Trump isn't rewarded for running the most divisive campaign in history:
RT showing surging, have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi…
The most important quality in a president and Commander-in-Chief is steadiness—an absolute, rock solid steadiness.
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
"Hillary...crushed Donald Trump in the most effective series of debate performances in modern political history."
I havn't seen in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
As of tonight, only one thing is standing between Donald Trump and the presidency: all of us. Get your free sticker:
The story with Hillary will never change.
New National Rasmussen Poll:
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy!
RT That's a wrap. 3 debates. 3 wins. A hat trick for 🎩. Donald outclassed, outmaneuvered, undone.
It’s hard to keep track of all of the ignorant and divisive things Trump and Pence have said—so we did it for you.
The vast majority of Muslim Americans want to help fight terrorism. We are not at war with Islam. Trump is playing into terrorists' hands.
“Tim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice president.” —
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Get all the latest updates from tonight's debate straight to your phone.
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
MY POSITION ON VISAS
RT Frank Bruni: Mike Pence’s galling amnesia via
At Monday's debate, Trump denied saying a lot of the things he's said. Let's set the record straight.
We are all safer when everyone has respect for the law, and everyone is respected by the law.
Donald Trump just hired the head of an extreme, right-wing "news" organization to run his campaign.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
We agree "SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
Thank you Arkansas!
RT I cannot ever say enough how much it means to me that speaks about addiction and substance abuse.
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
"Tim is a good man. He’s a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." — on
"We need more love and kindness in this country...The last thing we need are leaders who try to divide us even more than we are." —Hillary
RT UPDATED: Our Rally on Monday, Nov 7 will be held at Independence Hall. Doors open at 4pm. RSVP:
" I just voted for in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!" Fantastic!
"Safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a TV reality show. It...demands a cool head, but also a big heart." —
"You would think there is almost, like, something wrong." —Donald Trump on Mitt Romney failing to release his tax r…
With just 5 days until Election Day, watch Hillary speak live in North Carolina:
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:…
RT Not even a rainy day can take away the excitement of voting for as the first female president!
Hillary’s talking to about her faith live in Kansas City. Watch here:
Think about what it would mean to entrust the nuclear codes to someone who lashes out at anyone who challenges him.
RT “He is a stunning ignoramus on foreign policy and national security.”
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
" BUSTED AGAIN: in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising The guy is bad news
What he said.
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand??
Thank you Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
RT this if you think kids and families deserve a champion in the White House.
" What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
It's unclear exactly whom Mike Pence was defending last night, but it sure wasn't Donald Trump. The
Tune in for a live conversation on making college affordable for all with Hillary and at →
RT What a night.
RT The disloyalty Pence demonstrated was astounding. He defended Trump on nothing. He created his own platform and defende…
This is what would do to your state's economy.
RT Donald—you can’t show us your plans because you have none.
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to…
"You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens." —Donald Trump About that.
Great job Proud of you!
Trump on Alicia, 1996: "Miss Piggy." This morning: "She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem."
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
Wow, you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook.
I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
Thank you Illinois!
"The right to vote is still the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have." —
RT "Aprendí los valores del pueblo: fe, familia y trabajo. Los mismos valores de la comunidad latina aquí en nuestro país"–
Hillary's advice to girls everywhere: "There's nothing wrong with knowing what you want and going after it."
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
If you’re able, chip in to help the families affected by Hurricane Matthew: -H
History.
. was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Watch an exclusive interview with backstage at the Democratic Convention.
Arriving with &amp; Back to New York tonight. Video:
“Last night, Donald Trump spent his time attacking when he should have been apologizing.” —Hillary
To the people of Kentucky, Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure.
RT Jay Z says Donald Trump can't be our president because he divides us
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putin’s Uranium Company:
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Across America, people are rejecting Trump’s dark vision for one that is hopeful and inclusive and unifying.
" Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally STRONG So true, and remember the M.I.A.'s!
What’s the best way to stand up for voting rights? Get registered:
Making it easier to live the American Dream means making it easier to start and grow a small business.
"Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." —Rev. William Barber
"Look how far we've come from having no voice to being on the brink of making history." —
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch'
You did, in fact, say this.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
A multimillionaire should never pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse or a policeman or a firefighter.
While Donald continues day 5 of his Machado meltdown, we'll be in Florida talking about national service. You'll want to watch.
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America.
There's going to be no one left in Washington for Trump to work with who he hasn’t insulted.
RT Back when she was New York's senator, fought political attacks on access to emergency contraception:
This is a MOVEMENT!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
. was great on tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence.
RT Thanks to all who watched and all who fight for LGBT rights. Here are my remarks!
Anybody working full-time should not be living in poverty. It’s time to raise the minimum wage.
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
. thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
RT It would be impossible for Donald Trump to stick by his tax plan and lower debt.
" Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 already! Thank you.
In America, every person, no matter what you look like or who you are, should have the chance to go as far as your dreams will take you.
RT Tonight Pence could not defend any of Donald Trump's awful statements. This is not a team we want in the White House.…
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support!
"Let's build. Let's unite." —Maria Hamilton, mother of Dontre Hamilton
"Please explain to me what part of America First leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan."
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! is not qualified.
"This is a woman who really does care."
RT Mike Pence continually threatens to defend Trump's horrible comments, then immediately discusses an unrelated topic. A pr…
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!…
"I intend to close my campaign the way I began my career: fighting for kids and families..it will be the passion of my presidency." —Hillary
"I feel like I'm the political equivalent of the Antiques Roadshow." — now playing on With Her at…
"Hillary Clinton is a distinctly capable candidate: experienced, serious, schooled, resilient." —The
RT FORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED...
The U.S. presidency isn't an entry-level job. How Hillary's time as our secretary of state shows she's ready:
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! Tickets:
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! Tickets:
"We have got to be as clear as possible: You are more than the way you look.” —Hillary to young girls
“We need your help, knocking on doors and making phone calls, helping to turn people out.” —Hillary
RT Hillary Clinton has a quietly bold idea to stop drug price spikes:
RT "Hillary Clinton may be our 1st woman president. But she will not be our last. Once that barrier falls, it will never... be…
“As of tomorrow, we have 100 days to make our case to America. So what better place to kick off this campaign than where it all started?"
"Donald Trump committed perjury. Or he looked into the faces of the Republican faithful and knowingly lied."
Be a part of this: Get registered to vote, and ask everyone you know to register, too.
Thank you Eric!
"America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I am better because of his friendship." —Hillary
“I’m the only candidate in this race who’s been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. —Hillary
Join me in California or Montana! 5/25/16: Anaheim, California 5/26/16: Billings, Montana
RT Pence touting Indiana's economy? It's tracked the nation's recovery because of Obama policies (auto rescue!) that Penc…
RT The tears are very real. Now when I tell my daughter she can be what she wants (even president) I'm not completely full of it.
Donald Trump doesn't see people like Anastasia—he only sees disability.
Trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself. Instead, let’s invest in our veterans, kids, schools and police.
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
Thank you to Governor for such warm support. Great speech!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off'
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to &amp;
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday!
RT The editors of Foreign Policy have never endorsed a candidate for political office -- until now.
I will be interviewed tonight on - Enjoy! 10:00 P.M.
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will watch here…
“Don’t boo, vote!” —
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice &amp; work to bridge divides. -H
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
" we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!"
RT We recommend for U.S. president
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres!
"Trump spent $20,000 of money earmarked for charitable purposes to buy a six-foot-tall painting of himself.”
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
RT Join me in Colorado, today! Look forward to seeing you! Denver- 2pm Colorado Springs- 6pm
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
It's not just history that's watching us—it's the future, too.
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing supporters!
At last night's forum, Trump disrespected our generals, our country, and women in the military—but he praised Putin.
“It doesn’t look like he paid a dime of federal income tax for almost two decades.” —Hillary on Trump
What Trump just did is a disgrace.
RT When is POTUS, families are going to be safe and secure. Law and order will be RESTORED!
"No matter how daunting the odds. No matter how much people try to knock her down. She never, ever quits." — on Hillary
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Trump and his hateful language are affecting our kids. These are some of the heartbreaking things they're saying:
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you for being so brave, Astrid. I’m going to do everything I can to keep families like yours together. -H
“You represent the best of America, and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life.” —Hillary to
Where was this kind of comedy last night?
Watch night three of live on Facebook as and take the stage →
. on pre-debate jitters (his) and Hillary's favorite TV shows, now playing on With Her:…
Thank you Nebraska!
Trump loves his "Make America Great Again" hat a lot for a guy who outsourced jobs to 12 different countries.
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I'm so sick and tired of people like Trump...saying we get 'paid too much.'" — in Ohio:
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
RT Trump's speech today is the best persuasion I have ever seen. Game over. Now running unopposed:
Tomorrow! Las Vegas, NV- 11a: Greeley, CO- 4p: Albuquerque, NM- 7p:
. is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
"I would like to extend my warmest congratulations to António Guterres on his appointment as the next Secretary-Gen…
“She was doing everything I was, but just like Ginger Rogers, it was backwards in heels.” — on the 2008 election
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
"Our democracy is on the ballot right now—and Hillary gives us a chance to advance our democracy.” — Go vote:
EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
Thank you Governor
RT Mike Pence: bigotry with a heaping side of terrible economic stewardship.
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live with the and the
"She always feels like there isn’t a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother, for that family, there isn’t.” —
" It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!"
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me.
“Let’s reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other.”
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT!
Don't stand still. Vote today:
I am making a big speech the night of the debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
RT HFA statement from on tonight's troubling Trump revelations:
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by on
Don't waste it. Make sure you're registered to vote:
" Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes
" Setup is underway rally in Madison. Thank you!
. vetoing a minimum wage increase is a blow to working families. No one who works full-time should have to live in poverty. -H
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!
" Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor':
Here's a pretty incredible fact: There is a non-zero chance that Donald Trump isn't paying *any* taxes.
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
A guide to help you make your choice for president.
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
We'll never forget the horror of September 11, 2001. Today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims and responders. -H
"Once she was made aware that America had children languishing in foster care...her attitude was: not on my watch."…
"Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say enough is enough. This has got to stop right now." — on T…
"Don’t you think it’s finally time to guarantee equal pay for women?” —Hillary in Pittsburgh
Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
RT Holding back tears right now. For those of us that didn't grow up with this is amazing.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
THANK YOU!
. talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York.
Join and activists across the country in supporting LGBT rights this November:
It’s time for Donald Trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
RT After a decent first debate, is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, (woefully untruthful) r…
Saddened by the passing of Choco Meza, a historic figure in Texas politics &amp; beloved friend on our team. My prayers…
RT Nov. 8th is fast approaching. Please VOTE!!!
RT Immigrants aren’t somehow changing the American character; immigrants are the American character.
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
RT On National make sure you're registered to vote so we can ht…
We can't afford a president who would sabotage our efforts to fight climate change.
If you're a fan of weekends, thank a union member.
Alicia deserves praise for courageously standing up to Trump's attacks. And he has the gall to blame her—and say he "helped"?
“Then there’s Donald Trump. He’s not really a plans guy, not really a facts guy either.” —
19. In sum, how will Trump guarantee that if forced to choose between America's security and his own bank account, he won't pick the latter?
Hillary is in Las Vegas, just 6 days from Election Day. Tune in to watch her live:
" We support you You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at…
Thank you America!
Only one candidate in this election has actual plans to help middle-class families:
There’s an old Mexican proverb that says “Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.” We know who Trump is.
Thank you!
"Meanwhile, Donald Trump calls our military a disaster…he suggests America is weak.” —
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Hillary’s in Ohio with just 8 days left in the campaign. Watch live:
WATCH: This special 360 degree video allows you to experience the magic of the balloon drop:
" turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive nominee
RT . "I was so impressed by [ speech yesterday. He was the best I've ever seen him."
Watch live at the in Philadelphia:
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
We just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet.” —Hillary
"People accuse me of all kinds of things—you’ve probably seen that. But nobody ever accuses me of quitting.” —Hillary
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
"No one could be more qualified for this job than Hillary, no one.” —
Let's send Donald Trump a powerful message on Election Day.
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!
Let's beat back the assault on voting rights—a blast from the Jim Crow past that must be stopped. We should expand voting rights instead.
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
RT I wouldn't tolerate anyone talking to my daughter like that, and she wouldn't either.
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
" I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on He is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope
. Thank you for the nice piece in / Keep up the great work!
Wow, sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
I will be interviewed on the - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation'
"Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television, this is reality!" —
RT Thanks New Hampshire!!!
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud!
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO!
RT I spent an afternoon visiting with retirees in Pennsylvania, and one thing is clear—they aren't buying what Donald Trump is s…
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript:
Will be on tonight at 10pm, hosted by Enjoy!
Too many families have been ripped apart by gun violence. We need to bring people together to reform our laws.
Starting tomorrow it's going to be Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida! Watch here:…
RT Yes she can.
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now!
1979.
RT Farmers and ranchers are central to our economy, energy &amp; food security. Our plan to help:
Hillary met with Miami doctors to discuss the public health challenge of treating and preventing Zika.
50 GOP national security experts said they will not vote for Trump because he would be “the most reckless president in American history.”
Four years ago today.
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
We make our country greater when we widen the circle of opportunity and invite more people in:…
Happy birthday,
"Who gets up at 3 o'clock in the morning to engage in a Twitter attack against a former Miss Universe?” —Hillary
In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it.
RT At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, it is absurd to provide huge tax breaks to the very rich.
Any of these examples proves that Donald Trump is unfit to be president.
College should be tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone:
Thank you to the more than 2 million people who have donated to this campaign. Chip in now to join them:
"Go to because...there’s only one way we lose this election, just one: if we don’t turn out to vote.” —
RT While the Clinton Foundation receives high marks, Trump's is fined for a pay-to-play scheme ht…
RT Hillary is committed to with a bold goal to eliminate lead as a public health threat.
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Heartbroken for the families of two brave officers who were killed in Iowa. There’s no justification for this kind of violence. -H
Every single American deserves full equality under our laws—no matter who you are or who you love.…
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
“This threat is real, but so is our resolve. Americans will not cower. We will prevail.” —Hillary
" Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! A big crowd!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will
"She became so involved in children’s issues that she...took an extra year in law school, working at the Child Study Center.” —
"I have great respect for women." — who said all of these things.
Trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "I know you are, but what am I?"
America is already great because it welcomes people like Damián López Rodriguez—an immigrant who gave his life for…
" TheTrump phenomenon summed up: “Leadership, Fighter and Winner.” Not a Liar
Be like Always make a plan.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump.
RT "Aprendí los valores de mi pueblo, de la fe, familia y trabajo"- sobre su experiencia en Honduras.
"This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral." —Hillary
RT Get now. &amp; speak candidly. Watch here:
RT the new episode of is my favorite one yet. running-mate is the real deal!…
On the "economy night," here's everything we learned about Donald Trump's economic plan:
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the &amp; police officers- in Philadelphia.
"Let’s look to the future with courage and confidence. Let’s build a better tomorrow for our beloved children."
RT An Honor to be in w &amp; the legend, Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! htt…
When Trump was starting in business, he was sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent to black tenants.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
" Oh great is doing a on like losing the presidency wasn't enough He's a fool
Happy Election Day!
RT In A Pres Trump could not conduct US foreign policy w/o affecting his personal bank account.
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.'
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
RT "Pope Francis, tear down that wall!"
RT Nearly 100 years ago, women broke down barriers to the ballot box, moving us closer to a more equal nation. Let's finish what th…
Such a great honor!
“Patriotism is love of country. But you can’t love your country without loving your countrymen and your countrywomen.” —
Hillary "is absolutely ready to be Commander-in-Chief…and yes, she happens to be a woman." —
" Your tax and economic plans are second to none! Media shld report.
RT These men were responsible for launching nuclear missiles. They don't want Trump to have that power. htt…
RT Tonight, proved she is ready to be President — and Donald Trump proved he is not.
Now might be a good time to follow us on Snapchat.
RT It's Women's Equality Day. Donald Trump can't say he treats women with respect
RT GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS.
Hillary's talking about the economy in Des Moines. Tune in now to watch:
“Democracy isn’t a spectator sport. America isn’t about 'yes he will.' It’s about 'yes we can.’” —
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
. : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear.
THANK YOU AMERICA!
" Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE
RT We made it easy to find your polling location for today's primary! Simply visit 🇺🇸
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers.
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible!
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support!
That feeling when you win three straight debates.
RT We are proud to recommend for President
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
"How do you square the things I told you with the picture the Republicans painted of their opponent in Cleveland? You can’t." —
We are setting a goal to register 3 million more American citizens to vote:
"Google it." —Hillary
5. How can you be tough on Iran, given your business partnership with someone connected to Iranian money laundering?
Meet another Gold Star family with some personal perspective on Donald Trump:
RT Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break.
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! watch here:
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
"Whew, OK!”
Thank you, You're right—"su voz es su voto." So grateful to have your support.
Great move by Chobani. Every parent deserves access to paid family leave.
"You wanna give me a good send off? Go knock on some doors.” —
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
Thank you to the Orlando Health and Florida Hospital for showing empathy and kindness in the face of hate. -H
Crazy says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
“You are more than the way you look.”
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
"If you vote for someone other than Hillary—or if you don't vote at all—then you are helping to elect her opponent.…
" Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people."
. is more than just a great running mate—he's a great guy to have as a friend, too.
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out &amp; on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A…
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you!
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
When a black tenant applied for an apartment in one of Trump's buildings, she was told it wasn't available. A whit…
Live from Reno: Hillary discusses why divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future →
"I've never known America to quit on ourselves. I've never known us to give up in the face of tough challenges." —Hillary
"Trump’s entire campaign is just one more, late-night Trump infomercial.” —
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
"No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up." —Hillary
We should make public colleges tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone.
"If you want hope instead of fear, then you will elect Hillary Clinton as president of the United States.” —
RT Thanks for coming to help win Michigan! More people here than a Hillary rally with less than 24 hours notice…
Every girl—in every country—deserves to get an education and reach her dreams. Thank you,
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! Tickets:
RT Donald Trump thinks this is "smart." If you pay taxes, what does he think of you?
" great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!" Thank you.
RT We are Democrats. Let’s make some more history:
Way to go - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
Never let them see you sweat!
RT "We are going to be THRIVING again." -
"We lifted 3.5 million people out of poverty. That's the largest one-year drop in poverty since 1968.” —
The "dirty" poll done by is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Donald thinks belittling women makes him a bigger man. It just makes him a bully.
RT NEW: used more $250K+ from his charity to pay off legal settlements of his for-profit businesses.
" A vote for or is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Text JOIN to 47246 and sign up to help us get out the vote.
" good!!"
7 ways Donald Trump proved he’s not ready to be Commander-in-Chief (in less than 30 minutes):
16 days.
One week to Election Day. RT this if it describes you.
Trump has vilified Mexicans and immigrants since day one of his campaign. That's not what America stands for.
I will be interviewed on at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
History lesson: There’s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Hone…
In 1994, Ryan Moore made an impression on First Lady Hillary Clinton—and she him: "She has helped make me into the…
Just arrived in Arizona!
My wife will be joining tonight at 8pmE on Enjoy!
Transcript:
"Don’t fall for the easy cynicism that your vote doesn’t matter…that’s what Hillary's opponent wants you to think.” —
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
What’s on the ballot this year: Our future. Our security. Our values. Who we are as a country.
The phony story in the failing is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
"Trump says global warming is a hoax.⁰⁰ I say Trump is a fraud.” —
is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet!
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
So proud.
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!
Young Americans have the most to gain from Hillary's economic plan—and the most to lose under Trump's policies.
RT The choice is pretty simple... 
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here.
“Join me in voting for a better America.” —Hillary RT so your friends can make a plan to vote today:
The trend on Twitter right now is - thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Thank you for having me this morning I enjoyed my time with everyone!
Discussing in Buffalo last night- on the eve of the LETS GO NY!
RT Hillary cree que la verdadera fuerza se encuentra en lo que hacemos por los demás. Vea nuestro nuevo anuncio.
"Let’s declare: Love trumps hate!” — and
Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
" Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it!
What kind of man stays up all night to smear a woman with lies and conspiracy theories?
Americans deserve a real plan to expand access to health care and get costs down.
Thank you Speaker
RT Hear about my career and why means so much to me on
RT This is the America I believe in-Beautiful. Multifaceted. Loving. Inclusive. This is why I'm passionate
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated Resort, the worlds best.
RT When says she’s going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? That's a ver…
RT A Trump "le resulta más fácil insultar a mujeres que hablar con el presidente de México sobre construir la muralla" —Hilla…
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
… so yeah, it's been quite a week for Donald Trump.
If we work together—if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another—there's nothing we can't do.
We have an important job for lawyers and law students—but not actors. Sorry, Text LAWYERS to 47246…
According to Trump may contribute less to our military and college students than the undocumented immigrants he wants to deport.
Thank you Georgia!
Both candidates were asked about how they'd confront racial injustice. Only one had a real answer.
RT wants to talk about her 30 years in service. How about her 30 years of FLOPS↔️FLOPS?!
Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:
Share this if you know someone who needs to see it.
"She’s a tested, unshakable leader." — endorsing Hillary:
RT Who won the debate? Judges say: Clinton was the overall winner More:
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video:
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you
RT Trump is so divisive and offensive, you almost forget his policies are terrible too.
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today!
“I believe with all my heart that the American Dream is alive, and it’s big enough for everyone to share its promise.” —Hillary to
" first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?"
Thank you Arizona- I love you!
. was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
RT Mike Pence denied that Donald Trump would put a ban on Muslims. It's still on their website.
RT "Ustedes hacen a nuestra nación más fuerte, más inteligente y más creativa... Estados Unidos es un país mejor gracias a us…
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility!
"I don’t think that any family should have to pay more than 10% of their income on child care.” —Hillary
"It was the greatest moment of my life...and the...conviction that my daughter had the best mother in the world” —Bill on Chelsea being born
Your vote could make all the difference. Confirm where you'll cast your vote for Hillary:
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!…
" we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again.
RT . encouraged by says would benefit from lower tax rate:
Thank you for your support!
"Tomorrow, with your vote, you can say that this country has always been great, that it is the greatest nation on earth.” —
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
"I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am even more optimistic about the future" —
RT The Scrum: Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields Incident Breitbart htt…
Spoke with Governor of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
"If we keep at it the way Hillary has kept at it decade after decade, progress happens." —
Will be interviewed by tonight by phone- a late show first Enjoy!
“I know the NRA...They’ve campaigned against me in every statewide race I’ve ever run, but I’ve never lost an election.” —
RT El plan de Trump sobre inmigración ha sido claro: demonizar inmigrantes, "construir la muralla", deportar millones.
Paying for college doesn't end at tuition, so we need to help students pay for other costs like books and housing.
Florida in the rain.
" high energy!"
" Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally A great day in D.C.!
Donald Trump doesn't "know why" African Americans would be offended that he pushed the "birther" conspiracy:
Thank you to for the nice reviews of last night.
"His latest Twitter meltdown is unhinged, even for him.” —Hillary on Trump
Thank you Nevada!
Hillary’s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks:
I strongly condemn today's attack in Jerusalem and my prayers go to the victims' families. The terrorists must be brought to justice. -H
Thank you Indiana!
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Donald Trump lied to the American people at least 58 times during the first presidential debate. (We counted.)
Text JOIN to 47246 and get involved because the bigger the turnout, the bigger the statement we’ll make about the kind of country we are.
Trump "doesn’t have a clue about the middle class… “He has no clue about what makes America great. Actually, he has no clue—period." —Biden
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp;
RT You're never too old to invite your parents to your Tune in to watch at 9pm ET.
RT . From the start, Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia
RT Hillary has concrete plans to help America succeed. Trump would...build a wall.
Incredible.
. is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not: progressive and qualified to lead on day one.
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Thank you
RT Thank you Elko County, Nevada. So much amazing feedback from my forum today I really appreciate it ht…
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: and get out to…
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
The best way to help Louisianans affected by terrible flooding is to make sure they have the resources they need:
What's "smart" about not funding America's military, schools, or health care for kids?
I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
"We know who Donald is. For five years, he has led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president.” —Hillary
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
"I can't imagine how Governor Pence can defend the insult-driven, selfish, me-first style of Donald Trump." —
Just out according to "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record:
"If you elect me on Tuesday, that’s the kind of president I will be: listening, working, finding common ground.”
" get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
" Nevada we are on our way! Caucus locator:
"Americans aren’t just choosing a president, we’re also choosing a Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary to the
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
Trump says he won’t tell anyone what he’ll do about ISIS because he wants to keep his plan “secret.” Well, the secret is he has no plan.
“This is not me just going through the motions here. I really, really, really want to elect Hillary.” —
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
“She never made fun of people with disabilities. She tried to empower them based on their abilities.” — on Hillary
The woman Trump called “Miss Piggy” has a name: Alicia.
The week after 9/11, George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims 'love America just as much as I do.'
12. How can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary, if it would put your interests and profits at risk?
Let's review the record.
"What kind of a person would want to root for 9 million families losing their homes? One who should never be president." —Hillary on Trump
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief. Chip in to make sure it never happens:
I hear of rapidly fading is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!…
"We are Black, we are proud, and here’s why we are working to elect Hillary." staffers on why they're with her…
“We expect record numbers of people to vote in this presidential election.” —Hillary Make sure you're one of them:
With just 9 days until Election Day, Hillary is campaigning in Florida. Tune in to watch her live:
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures."
"I learned from my family and my Methodist faith that we’re each called to do all the good we can for all the people we can." —Hillary
RT David's letter to his daughter about why he can't support Donald Trump really hits home.
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
"Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign...Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis."
“America learned that love has no limits, and marriage equality is now a reality across the land.” —
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard.
Your student debt collector would really like you not to vote for Hillary.
The fate of the Supreme Court hinges on the choice we make in 21 days. Here's what's at stake:
Trump refused to disavow the support of David Duke, a notorious former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
One candidate would help millions of hardworking Americans. The other would only help those at the top.
In Mike Pence's defense, we wouldn't want to defend Donald Trump, either.
. - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING!
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
RT When it comes to mental health, help should be focused on treatment, not judgment.
RT If Donald Trump wins, kids lose.
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for working families. Take a look:
RT Thank you Angie Phillips for inviting me to tour your plant Middletown Tube Works.
RT HFA response to Trump's closing argument today in Gettysburg.
RT Trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the App seems a candidate of destiny
“You don’t just have to vote against someone, you have somebody extraordinary to vote for.” —
Headlines for the history books.
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and will allow it to happen h…
RT . wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders
Providing a “Trump Kids Club” for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers.
In times of crisis, America depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, and calm judgment.
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
RT Thank you New Hampshire! 🇺🇸
RT HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the THANK YOU!
" What’s strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I’ll talk to the Republican front-runner.
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL
"What I admire most about Hillary is that she never buckles under pressure." —
The presidency doesn’t change who you are—it reveals who you are. And we’ve seen all we need to of Donald Trump.
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
"When you’re knocked down, what matters is whether you get up again...I’m not stopping now.” —Hillary
Our neighbors in battleground states need your help. Make calls to remind Hillary supporters to go vote:
Donald Trump is good at one thing—driving his companies into the ground. And now he wants the keys to the U.S. eco…
20. It's pretty clear: Trump's spent his life unscrupulously looking out for his own wallet above all. Why would that change as president?
We're almost to the finish line, and you can help Hillary get there. Early vote today:
RT OHIO GENERAL ELECTION Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton
Trump "doesn't have the temperament or the judgment...or the basic honesty that a president needs to have" —
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
Thank you Portland, Maine!
RT I’ve released 9 years of tax returns. RT if you agree it’s time for Donald Trump to release his!
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
RT . has an economic plan...to cut the pay of hardworking UAW members.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
RT A must read today: The NYT digs deep into Donald Trump and his father's history of denying housing to blacks.
RT Wow! I am speechless! Thank you to my sidekick who keeps me &amp; the in line!
Our rising generation of young Americans is the most open, diverse, and connected we’ve ever seen.
Trump's top adviser was designated $12.7 million from pro-Russia forces in Ukraine. That's the tip of the iceberg.
. and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
"No matter what issue you care about, it is on the ballot." —Hillary last night in Pennsylvania…
Do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
Hillary's been fighting for kids and families her entire career—and that's the experience she'll take to the White…
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
Thank you New Hampshire!
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!
" Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!
The next president could appoint up to three Supreme Court justices. Will they protect Americans' rights, or corporations'?
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont:
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
"Almost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest." —
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact, that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
"Progress is on the ballot. Civility is on the ballot. Tolerance is on the ballot.” — Go vote:
Bill Hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
"Hillary Clinton will make solving the climate crisis a top national priority.” —
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife'
Have student debt? Planning for college? See how much money Hillary's plan would save you:
"We’re not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creed—that all of us are created equal.” —
"To all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you." —Hillary on
"As your Commander-in-Chief, I will not trash our country’s most cherished values. I will defend them.” —Hillary
Trump is right about one thing.
RT It took 240 years but 2016 will be the year of the first woman POTUS!!! Great day to be an American Woman!
" You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!"
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans'
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets
RT There’s one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy.
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys.
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
Thank you New York! I love you!
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from U.S. - Mexico border. Video:
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
RT Think about it: calls Latinos rapists, African Americans thugs, &amp; women fat pigs, &amp; Kelly Ayotte think…
Thank you Rep. Collins!
" fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for at least you'll have a job.
"Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite of Donald Trump. She doesn’t insult people. She listens to them." —
Donald Trump is unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief. A president doesn’t call our military a “total disaster.”
Again, Trump turns his faults on others. Psychologists call it "projecting." Kids call it "I'm rubber, you're glue."
Why did Clinton supporter declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
RT I bet Trump himself would fail his new immigration screening test of American values.
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare:
RT Hillary Clinton: What I learned from being a mom who works via
“If you believe we are stronger together, then let’s work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president.” —
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
"She launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort.” —
Don’t miss out! Join them:
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House.
RT 89 year old Elizabeth was out knocking doors in for Hillary today because this election is "too important to…
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported, it was a DISASTER.
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
RT Will there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? Or just concerned about more tax breaks for the…
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
“She sat with me in the Situation Room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out Osama bin Laden” — on Hillary
Donald Trump's message to workers: You're fired.
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
"It’s amazing that I’m up here after Donald. I didn’t think he’d be OK with a peaceful transition of power." —Hillary at the
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
"Let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate!” —Hillary
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi!
Thank you Newt!
"We’re siding with students and with every American seeking an affordable college degree." —
RT this if you're proud to be on this team—all the way to the White House.
"That’s what 21st century feminism is about: The idea that when everybody is equal, we are all more free." —
Will be interviewed on now!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you
RT MUST WATCH: passionately makes the case for &amp; explains why she's chosen to in this new
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Rep.
"I want to be every single American’s president…I believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —Hillary
“From her first day in office, President Hillary Clinton will do what’s needed to combat climate change.” —
"He knows at its best, politics is always a matter of the heart.” – on
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'
" Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA
Here's what you need to know about early voting and absentee ballots:
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
We have to face the hard truths about race in America.
RT Fixed it for you.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
We need to come together to turn the tide, stop violence, build trust, and give all our kids the chance to grow up safe and healthy.
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
RT Hillary Clinton has some questions for Donald Trump after reading that article.
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow!
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
"Trump says he would run our country like he has run his businesses. Well, I’m from Jersey...we see how he leads in Atlantic City.” —Booker
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on
Watch live as campaigns for Hillary in Philadelphia →
"You have a candidate who is worthy of your vote—who is smart, who is steady, who is tested.” — on Hillary
Trump wouldn't say if he'll accept the outcome of the election. That’s horrifying—but part of a pattern.
RT Tell a girl to run - for office! at
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:
RT "Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth."
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Look at the policies Trump has proposed—they would put prejudice into practice.
RT I can skate here ONLY b/c fixed this rink after NYC gov’t spent $13M, but FAILED! Good for Trump!
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift:…
"Hillary Clinton is one of the best prepared candidates to seek the presidency." —
RT Happy Monday, my friends. Are you registered to vote? The right to vote is precious, almost sacred, and we must use it.
RT Want to do a small part to help defeat Trump in November? RT this link and get everyone registered, and confirmed.
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
RT The is underway at the You can join in from home! Text HILLARY to 47246 to voice your support right…
If crazy didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Thank you! Facebook: Instagram:
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
Four months from today, our next president will walk into the Oval Office. Help make sure it's not Donald Trump:
Share this if you're voting today for National Early Vote Day!
"Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care." —Hillary on the RNC
“Climate change is real, it’s urgent, and America can take the lead in the world in addressing it.” —Hillary in Miami
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
"Everything I’ve done started by listening to people…working to bring people together, to find common ground.” —Hillary in North Carolina
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
RT Well, now that we all have a free moment... go ahead and sign up to volunteer for this weekend:
. is on the trail for Hillary. Tune in to watch her live from Virginia:
"When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina." —Hillary
Thank you!
Thank you Laura!
When the IOC introduced women's wrestling in 2004, dreamed of gold. Yesterday that dream came true.
We can only confront a challenge like Zika when we come together. It's time for Republicans to fund this fight: -H
“There’s something really exciting happening right now—people are coming together…to reject hate and division.” —Hillary
Thank you America!
"She’s tough. She doesn’t back down. Trump responds to criticism with the petulance of verbal spit wads."
Can we just stop and reflect on the absurdity of Donald Trump finding fault with Miss Universe? Who would act like this? A bully.
Watch live as takes the stage at the
Don't forget, Florida: Your voter registration deadline is tomorrow, 10/18 at 5pm ET. Make sure you're registered a…
" All aboard the Trump Train!"
"America was built on courage, on imagination, and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.” — quoting Harry Truman
Imagine this man in charge of our men and women in uniform.
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Job Application
Join me in Washington today! Spokane tickets: Lynden tickets:
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon.
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business.” —
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Thank you!
Barack Obama’s greatest strength? “Probably that I’m always early.”
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
. is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
" I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!"
" People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. Repeal and replace!
. is going to finish this campaign the same way he started his career—fighting for working families.
"Hillary and I have lost a true and treasured friend." — and Hillary on the passing of Shimon Peres
Thank you South Carolina!
"I will bring people together." — Yeah, we don't think so.
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets and
"I want you to know that I see you, and I’m with you." —Hillary to the Latino community at
Veterans who experience PTS are stronger than we'll ever understand. We owe them nothing short of world-class care:
" Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
Your friends, your family, stars on Broadway—everyone's voting this year. Don't throw away your shot:…
"We have a chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress, who will finish the job.” —
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
" A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country."
Sometimes the fate of the greatest nations comes down to single moments in time. This is one of those moments.
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
At the 2016 DNC, Press Secretary became the first openly trans person to speak at a convention.
That was quite a birthday surprise, Loved the show last night! -H
RT If Donald Trump was looking for a VP with the experience to implement his failed economic policies, it looks like he found hi…
“Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.” —Hillary
Thank you to and for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are in the ratings!
Will be interviewed on at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Donald Trump has spent his whole career stiffing small businesses.
FACT: Donald Trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself.
It's HFA Volunteer Day, and we're looking for 50,000 volunteers. Help us get there—find your friends on Facebook:
Even if Trump's bullying, bigotry, and misogyny weren't disqualifying, his policies would be.
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania!
" This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol
"I've never heard an American leader...claiming that he's all we need. That's not a democracy, my friends." —Hillary
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
is unfit to serve.
Just 29 days left until Election Day. Join Hillary for her first stop since last night's debate →
" Leader: ‘No Regard For Black Race’ via
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking” or coughing attack, yet it is trending. What’s up?
Women like Elaine served our country and blazed a trail for others to follow. They've earned our highest honors.
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you! OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump 42% Clinton 41%
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
"I’m with you*" — *Not included: women, African Americans, LGBT people, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants...
Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M. (EASTERN).
“With your help, I will carry all of your voices with us to the White House!” —Hillary
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
Tonight I will be on with at 10pm and w/ at 10:10pm. Enjoy!
On most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back KKK leaders.
RT “This gives us the best possible shot to save the one planet we’ve got” — on the
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you!
"He’s causing nations to wonder if we’ll actually keep our word.” — on Donald Trump:
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
“Her words gave me strength during one of the toughest tests of my life.” — on Hillary
Thank you Hawaii!
America needs leadership in the White House, not a liability.
CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:
" You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father." Thank you.
RT When Ruline Steininger was born, women couldn't vote. Today, at 103, she's
WEST VIRGINIA TODAY!
We’re going to make sure the wealthy pay their fair share in taxes for a change:
RT "By harnessing your energy and ideas, we can solve many of the problems we face." —
"Let’s break every single record. Let’s make that the story of this election.” —Hillary
RT Virginia's own has joined Team Hillary—now it's your turn:
“You can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted vision for America.” —Hillary
"My vision for America is an America where everyone has a place. This is the America that I know and love." —Hillary
The American people agree. No free pass for
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.
RT Strong Dem Broward + Orange Counties, FL surpassed total 2012 turnout as of 4pm. Amazing work, volunteers!
Trump uses his foundation to pay for things with other people's money.
RT STILL AHEAD: joins us at 7am/et!
Catch at 11:35pm ET to see letters from some of Hillary's biggest fans.
RT Donald Trump's tax plan would be a yuuuuuuge give away to billionaires--and millionaires like him.
RT Donald Trump's healthcare plan: "something terrific." That's it. Seriously. It's gonna be so good.
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity, pride, and decent pay that can support a family.
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
🙌
"Trump just criticized me for preparing for this debate. You know what else I prepared for? Being president."
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow! Tickets available:
. is wrong for defense:
Join our next Vice President, in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday! MI: WI:
Every week, hits a new low.
"We as women have all the power we need to determine the outcome of this election.” —
When Trump calls America a "third-world country," you can tell he doesn't do a lot of listening to what's actually…
Countless women fought to win the right to vote. On the anniversary of the 19th Amendment's adoption, let's recommit to protecting it. -H
“Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life.” —
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
RT We're up in the polls—that's great. But when the wind's at your back, it's time to run faster. Be a part of this:
For more than a decade, been leading the fight against the NRA—right in their own backyard.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
It’s wrong to tear each other down. It’s wrong to let income inequality get worse. It’s wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
RT WSJ: Grifters-in-Chief...
Making the wrong choice on climate change would be a disaster for our kids and grandkids.
"We want a president who takes this job seriously and has the temperament and maturity to do it well." —
It’s Election Day and polls are officially open. When will you vote today? Confirm where to go here:…
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..
Congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you!
RT Donald Trump's immigration plan makes it clear that he's more interested in dividing us than uniting us.
RT Michelle Obama calls on Americans to vote: "Each of you, just in this hall, could swing an entire precinct"
RT Trump’s new campaign chief is also the guy responsible for running this fringe "news" site:
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
"If you believe we should never write discrimination into our laws...you’ve got to vote!” —Hillary
RT Congrats to my friend on being running mate! Excited to stand w/you both &amp; fight for safer c…
You oppose reproductive rights, support "conversion therapy," and proposed a Muslim ban.
Donald Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women
We have the most productive workers in the world. We just need to give our people a chance to succeed:
"I believe that he and all American prisoners of war are heroes.” —Hillary on Senator John McCain
As Trump meets with President Peña Nieto, a helpful refresher on some of the things he’s said about Mexico:
Thank you Senator
America is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for people who look or worship a certain way.
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
"Donald Trump looks at a distinguished judge born in Indiana, and he sees a Mexican, not an American.” —Hillary
20 questions Trump needs to answer on his dangerous foreign business ties—and the national security risks they pose.
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. SIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN!
Let's send Donald Trump a message in November: We're not going back.
“If you can be president of the United States, you can do anything.” — message to girls in America
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
"That’s what’s on the ballot this year. It’s not just my name and Donald Trump’s name. It’s our future. Our security. Our values." —Hillary
“The only way we can have that positive, optimistic, unifying future is if all of you help us get there.” —Hillary
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
RT It's still legal to pay disabled workers less than the minimum wage and Clinton announces her plan to end that:
“Everyone who has served deserves our thanks...and you deserve a country and a president and Commander-in-Chief who honors your service."
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
RT lost his second debate tonight. Both and were running against Trump.
Presidential.
White people need to empathize and understand what it’s like for black parents to worry about their kids' safety.
"The presidency doesn’t change who you are. It reveals who you are. And the same thing is true of a presidential campaign." —
closing speech in Buffalo, New York!
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES!
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
We're stronger together—and the diversity of our athletes in Rio proved it.
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
Where does Trump get his talking points from? Often this alt-right conspiracy theorist, Alex Jones. (Watch all the…
Thank you Colorado!
Bernie caved!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more. Sad but true
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!
Our children are watching to see what kind of example we set for them.
We've also seen the targeting of police officers—but so many serve every day with courage and honor and are committed to reform.
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
The choice we face on climate change.
"Every day, more Americans are standing up and saying 'enough is enough'—including a lot of Republicans. I’m honored to have their support."
Everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
. is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
Americans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilities—to do the same jobs for the same pay &amp; benefits.
" Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3 Wow!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION."
"I know more about ISIS than the generals do." —Donald Trump No, you don't.
The next time Donald Trump throws a temper tantrum, imagine if he had the nuclear codes.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
Will be on at Enjoy!
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.”
RT Hillary's policies have made America less safe, that's why 200+ general and military leaders have endorsed
If you work hard, you should be able to find a good job that pays well and lets you do what you love and make your mark on the world.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone falls flat in nationwide Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Join at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets:
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace!
Polls close at 6pm!
Who did the House Task Force on Urgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP?
When Trump was getting his start in business, he was sued by the Justice Dept. for refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants.
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Happy birthday to this future president.
The stories behind some of the history-making women of
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! Tickets:
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
This is what we can expect from More Taxes. More Spending.
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER!
Wow, new polls just came out from Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
RT Progressive economists agree: economic agenda will reduce inequality, raise wages and create jobs. htt…
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
" Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success."
“While Trump talks and talks and talks, Hillary does stuff. She fights for us on the big issues.”—
We need a president who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly.
RT I’ve marched, protested, been beaten and arrested--all for the right to vote. Friends of mine gave their lives. Honor the…
" Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!"
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! watch rally here:…
"Remember what the president said last night: Don’t boo, vote!” —Hillary:
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
As said, the choice in this election is about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four years of their lives.
" Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time." THANK YOU!
"Donald Trump? Well, like most Republicans, he chooses to reject science. He believes that climate change is a 'hoax.'” —
"You don't just deserve a seat at the table. It's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting." —Hillary to the Black Women’s Agenda
When we work together, we will trump hate.
" This is why I would think the unions would support for
RT Good news out of Brussels— Paris Climate Agreement now squarely on track to enter into force this year.
Trump's campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a "genius." What kind of genius loses $1 billion in a single year?
Trump would give millionaires (like him) and billionaires the biggest tax cuts they’ve ever had.
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote.” —Barack Obama:
"The time has come for Republicans...to repudiate Mr. Trump once and for all." —
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
RT Rania doesn't understand why a country as great as the United States has never had a woman president.
Does Trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? Until he releases his tax returns, voters won't know for sure.
RT Hold on to your hats. The is just getting started:
"In Atlantic City…you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills" —Hillary
RT more media showing ahead in states Pres Obama won twice.
Millions of Americans work hard and pay their taxes. So why doesn't Donald Trump pay his?
"It’s a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda.” — on Trump’s foreign policy rhetoric
If you won’t say the KKK is deplorable, you have no business running the country.
This one's for you, Hillary.
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty.
" I love those beautiful gals." D + S = Two amazing women!
RT A supporter made this video about why people trust Hillary. RT to show you've got her back.
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
"I voted for Hillary Clinton because I am absolutely confident that when she is president, this country will be in…
Corporations that benefit from all that America has to offer should feel a sense of responsibility toward shareholders AND workers.
"Every day we’re grateful to Barack and Michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey.” —
"Our choice, Hillary Clinton, has a record of service and a raft of pragmatic ideas." — endorsing Hillary…
" I think the first female president of the USA will be a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!"
"Through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part." —Hillary
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! on 3/15! Trump 36% Cruz 18% Rubio 18% Carson 10% Kasich 7% Via
"In this election, I’m with her!" — on Hillary
Hillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails.
There are hundreds of thousands more applications than spots. Horrible! Let's expand it from 75,000 annual members to 250,000.
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
Tune in now to watch Hillary speak to the
Join the MOVEMENT to
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
The same guy who probably didn't pay federal taxes for 18 years is OK raising taxes on millions in the middle-class. Sound right to you?
In one week, Trump has: ✓Lost a debate ✓Attacked a woman at 5 am on Twitter ✓Had his net worth downgraded and more:
Three-time world all-around champion is set to make history at the Olympics. Good luck, Simone!
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
New book by is absolutely terrific and a must read!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
RT I want young people to leave school excited about the future, not being saddled with tens of thousands of dollars in stu…
Trump owes President Obama an apology for his years-long racist conspiracy. And by the way: "Sorry if you were offended" doesn't count.
“A leader who's got real plans to break down barriers and blast through glass ceilings." — on Hillary:
"Our presidents are role models for generations of our children. Is this the example we want for them?" —
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
video:
Hillary's been fighting for women and girls her entire career—and she's just getting started.
" Great opening Pence💕"
RT "Como presidenta, solo Hillary Clinton protegerá a los DREAMERS y familias como las nuestras" —
RT . responds to attack over the weekend.
RT Hillary's first job was fighting for social justice at one of the things I admire most about her
" "A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination" for Rubio, says …"
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders.
“I want every boy and girl to know, the American Dream is big enough for you. And there is a place in America for you.” —Hillary in Colorado
More than 10,000,000 Americans have already voted in this election. You can make it 10,000,001:
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
RT Comey didn't want to blame Russia for DNC hacks for fear of seeming political. For fear. Of seeming. Political. h…
RT My response to recent media reports - Marlee.
Live from Tampa: Hillary campaigns with just 13 days left in this campaign →
Watch live: hits the campaign trail for Hillary in Miami.
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total When you watch, remember!
Donald Trump is on tape bragging about barging in on undressed women backstage at beauty pageants to "inspect" them.
" IS THE ONLY DEAL !!!
A rally fit for a King.
" Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube"
We're going to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II:
RT Ironic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that "dark unaccountable money" into her campaign.
“If you elect me next Tuesday, that is the kind of president I will be.”
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD
“He says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break. That’s a bunch of malarkey!" — on Donald Trump
" This Black Democrat is on the "TRUMP TRAIN"!!"
RT It is time to in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the system!
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! Tickets:
Many people are saying Trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. What do you think it is?
Great poll Florida - thank you!
RT Donald Trump is already having an effect on our kids -- and he's only a candidate. Imagine him as President.
"On Thursday, I was incredibly grateful and humbled to accept the Democratic Party’s nomination." —Hillary
" Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals
RT What matters in politics is if you can deliver results—and Hillary gets results. Grateful for the chance to serve.
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
Under Trump, our economy would lose 3.5 million jobs. Hillary's plan would create 10.4 million—in one term alone.
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
RT The right to vote is precious, almost sacred. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…
" Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out!
See Lyin' Ted, even the (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!
The choice in November: a president with real plans to combat climate change—or one who calls it a hoax.
Trump has built his campaign on demonizing Latinos and immigrants. Latino voters have the power to stop him. Vote:…
Join me in Florida tomorrow! Daytona | 3pm- Jacksonville | 7pm-
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled!
"I feel very, very angry. So much so that it still evokes anger and hurt." —Mae Wiggins, on experiencing discrimina…
Great job Proud of you!
Trump admits he "can't say" he treats women with respect.
RT People are sharing photos of their grandmas celebrating Hillary Clinton’s nomination
" let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs"
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly ( is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
. - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
RT Exclusive: NYT has obtained parts of Trump's 1995 tax records. He could have paid no federal income tax for 18 years
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
RT Nevada remember you can "Vote and Go" - walk in vote and walk out! Caucus locator:
" Great job! Make America Great Again!"
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
RT This itself is a lie.
RT "I can't see him helping anyone but himself." —Cheryl Lankford, single mom and Trump University victim h…
Words of advice from the 1969 College commencement speaker: Hillary Rodham.
On Election Day, let's show what it means to be stronger together:
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
“We have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be.” —Hillary
We've come too far to turn back now. Make sure you're registered to vote:
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine! Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: Bangor, Maine - Saturday @ 3pm…
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out Poll snd Q Poll.
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer.
"More than 31 million people have already voted early." —Hillary Join them →
" And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!"
" sees only one person running for president who can do the job: Hillary Clinton."
. at the White House, circa 2000.
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
RT WATCH: on the stakes in this election
Join the MOVEMENT!
" The Real Person Of The Year! Wow!
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
Thank you for your support &amp; friendship- Governor
"Make no mistake about it: Women's health and rights are on the line and on the ballot in this election.” —
On at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to Tickets:
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and on Tuesday. I love you!
More people are voting in this election than ever before. Make a plan to vote today:
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and - sad &amp; irrelevant!
" Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol"
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America!
"27 million strong all ready to vote for freedom, equality, and reason—traits that seem to have gone out of season."
3. While refusing to release your tax returns, how will you confirm that you do not have dangerous financial ties to bad actors abroad?
Remembering the fallen heroes on - June 6, 1944.
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
We need to do everything we can to remove barriers to the health care our veterans need—whether physical or mental.
"I want to give our kids a safer world...that means a world with strong allies, more friends, fewer enemies, and fewer nuclear weapons."
Vote for an America where we build bridges, not walls. Together, let’s prove that love trumps hate.…
"Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience, toughness and courage." — on Hillary…
" Kudos to and for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 👍"
No child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
Meet three women who inspired Hillary to become the person she is today:
RT Warren Buffett responds to Trump, on taxes:
Thank you
RT . Clinton's economic plans will create 10.4 million jobs. Trump's will cost almost 3.5 million. htt…
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
" yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump"
Unlike Donald Trump's, our campaign is about issues—not insults.
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign."
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending.
"I truly believe that you deserve a candidate you can vote for, not just someone to vote against.” —Hillary
RT Jay Z: "I don't have any ill will toward (Trump), but his conversation is divisive ... he cannot be our president"
Priorities.
It's been four minutes. Donald Trump could have launched a nuclear weapon by now.
RT . announced a new public health fund to fight pandemics like Zika and keep American families safe
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:…
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
" Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S&amp;P: 1314.5%
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
Thank you Louisiana!
TIME poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you!
Right now, too many Americans are being held back by student debt. We’ve got to fix that:
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Don’t let anyone tell you they’re too busy to vote. If Ruline can do it, so can they.
Meet running mate and the next vice president of the United States.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Donald hasn't given his own money to the Trump Foundation since 2008—but it's still paying his bills.
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us!
Latino voters will have a powerful impact on this election—and are already showing record turnout. Be part of this:…
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina!
With 35 days left, Hillary's in PA talking about how she'll help kids and families. Join the conversation live →
Let's go.
At the Paris 1900 games, golfer Margaret Abbott became the first American woman to win an Olympic gold medal.
Nobody beats me on National Security.
The 400 richest taxpayers in America would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole.
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!
RT Passionate about getting Hillary into the White House? There’s always something you can do to help out:
When Trump tries to deflect blame for denying that was born in America, he is lying.
Same failing "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
8. Will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the Russian oligarchs you are “close” to?
" This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president!
"If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in!” —Hillary
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true.
I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
Actually, that’s just what taking the office of President seriously looks like.
Hillary’s speaking in Florida on her plan to expand opportunities for national service. Watch here:
Thank you, Florida!
"America depends on you. You! All of you.” — Make your plan to go vote:
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
“Contrary to Donald Trump, I believe every time we knock down a barrier in America, it liberates everyone in America.” —Hillary
Our choice is between the most qualified candidate in decades—and a man who once started a Twitter war with Cher.…
"What I see is Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together.” —
RT Warning: This video contains offensive language, inappropriate behavior, and blatant misogyny. Voter discretion is advis…
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
Thank you America!
" Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop"
Ted Cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
I will be on tonight at 10pmE w/ from Wisconsin. Enjoy!
A disability shouldn't define your future. At Hillary helped give kids the chance to succeed.
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
I LOVE NEW YORK!
" I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't. will give his all for us!
" will defeat ISIS and
Starting on day one, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
" "Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York – Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire...
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
"I often think of that moment when we both came out to each other: me as a gay woman and Hillary as my ally." —Mira
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Today, landed a spot in history as the first woman from to win 4 golds. Well done, Simone!
this morning.
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
" is the only one who will protect American interests.
" It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months
RT Trump tried to prove he'd be fit to serve as president...by comparing unfavorably to Putin.
RT President Obama: "We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress"
For forty years, every presidential candidate has released their tax returns—except for Trump. What's he hiding?
" Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!
Multi-millionaires should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries:
RT "We better elect the candidate who's proven she can be trusted with the job. The candidate who’s proven she’s ready for the j…
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'
Thank you New Mexico!
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Reno, Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
RT locator -&gt;
RT . hits the Trump Loophole - his backdoor tax break for billionaires like himself. Read about it here:
Watching the returns at 9:45pm.
"A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country." —Hillary
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
RT "She doesn't quit, she doesn't give up, she's a fighter" —Donald Trump on Hillary Clinton, tonight
Donald Trump could actually be our next president. Chip in before midnight to make sure that never happens:
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
It’s not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts, but students and families can’t refinance theirs.
"I really believe that America’s best days are still ahead of us if we reach for them together!” —Hillary…
"It's about time this country had somebody running it who has an idea about money." —Trump
Just 17 days left in this campaign. If you're proud to stand with Hillary, chip in now and get your free sticker:
. You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work!
"The story has vastly exceeded the boundaries of the facts." — on the reporting on Hillary's emails
Honest work deserves honest pay. Everyone should have the right to join a strong union that will always have your back.
It's appalling that a presidential nominee of a major party is undermining the pillar of our democracy—just because…
Daughter, business owner, and immigrant: Meet Luisa—chaser of the American Dream.
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!
Mike Pence has actually signed into law hateful policies like those touted by Donald Trump.
“No matter how great the challenge, America must lead.” —Hillary to the
RT “These guys…want to go to house-to-house, school-to-school and business-to-business and kick out 16 million people.”
RT Who has voted today??? Feedback from the polls? I'm like a kid on Christmas!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! Tickets:
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
"Trump is the worst major-party candidate this republic has ever produced." —
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities.
“Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters…now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States.” —
RT Join on Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to
"Trump, the self-proclaimed tough negotiator, not only choked but openly lied about choking."
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Make sure bullying never reaches the White House. Chip in now:
RT It was an honor introducing in Las Vegas. Election Day is Tuesday! Are you ready?
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts"
" Amazing job"
"One of the reasons I asked Tim Kaine to be my running mate is that he...has a record of working across the aisle."
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
" Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!"
Is this the president we want for our daughters?
Join us via our new APP!
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Will be on tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin.
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
A real headline about the Republican nominee: "Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems."
"If a candidate regularly and flippantly makes cruel and insulting comments about women...that's who that candidate…
"Let’s break every record that we’ve ever had for voting. Let’s make that the story of this election.” —Hillary
Thank you Iowa!
"Read up on your history. It matters. We've got to get people to vote." —
Congratulations to for winning the We are all proud of you &amp; all clubs! Great going!
Every good thing that we’ve ever achieved has always been because people have worked together to make it happen.
RT "Él no entiende que las familias bilingües y multilingües contribuyen a nuestra diversidad y a nuestra economía"—
" Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies"
RT We made history.
“Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters...can take it for granted that a woman can be president.” —
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Proud to have you on this team,
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
" “It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.” –
RT interesting poll results so far (and go vote on
Thank you! CNBC poll with over 400,000 votes. Trump 61% Clinton 39%
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
One week to go. Watch Hillary talk about what's at stake for women in this election on the trail in Florida →
The energy we’re seeing out there isn’t just about what we’re against—it’s about what we’re for: a future in which everyone counts.
" BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!
Will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
RT Join on his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ as manages rapid response…
“I am thrilled to be here today to support the next president &amp; vice president of the United States, Hillary Clinton &amp; Tim Kaine!” —
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
Thank you for setting the failing story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written!
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans!
No one should have to choose between paying the rent and filling their prescriptions.
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!
We’ll make in-state colleges and universities tuition-free for families making under $125,000/year. That'll help more than 80% of families.
RT Here's what happened when 11-year-old founder of interviewed
Thank you, President Carter.
My sons, Don and Eric, are on now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
RT Like most of Trump’s plans, the details of his paid leave proposal aren't serious.
RT Philly is out in full force tonight
RT Obama on Trump video: "You don’t have to be a husband or father to say, 'That’s not right.' You just have to be a decent…
2004 VIDEO: Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change!
Nobody in America should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
"Are you ready to vote tomorrow, Michigan? Are you ready to help get your friends to vote?” —Hillary…
Pay-To-Play: The act of making a donation to a politician so they'll help you out. See: Donald Trump.
RT “We trust her with the most important thing in our life: We have a son deployed overseas” —Tim on Hillary
The Trump Foundation: "an arrangement worked out for maximum benefit at minimum sacrifice.”
RT The election is just weeks away. Check if you're registered to vote at only takes a few clicks!
It’s not just that Trump doesn’t know what he’s talking about when it comes to national security. His words are dangerous, and they hurt us.
RT 53 years ago today, we Marched on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.
RT David Duke’s show cheers Trump-Breitbart merger: “We appear to have taken over the Republican Party”
"Don’t believe anyone who says 'I alone can fix it.’ Yes, those were actually Donald Trump’s words in Cleveland." —Hillary
Don't let this man become your next president:
On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers &amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
RT Trump basically admits that he's not paying federal taxes. Blue Star families like ours don't appreciate him stiffing our tro…
“Last night I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country.” —Hillary
Five disturbing things the GOP officially stands for (yes, in 2016):
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not be anywhere near the nuclear codes.
In America, we build bridges, not walls. Let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate.
" Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump
Donald Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. Doing so could save his family $4 billion and 99.8% of families $0.
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
" The ad was actually very good!"
Donald Trump is still the same man who insults Gold Star families, demeans women, and mocks people with disabilities.
Not one living president has said they believe Donald Trump has what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief.
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote!" —
Hillary on the passing of Rep. Mark Takai.
Spoiler alert: He was actually wrong.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
RT Hillary Clinton proposes plan to address mental health treatment
Republican leaders should take a look at who they're standing with.
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by
When Bronx found out he shares a birthday with Hillary (October 26—today!), he was determined to write her a letter…
. Yes.
"I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. We have to heal the divides in our country.” —Hillary
RT NEW: Fdn, totally reliant on other people's $, lacks state certification to raise $ from others.
Watch live as Hillary stops in St. Petersburg, Florida, for a campaign rally on the choice we face on the economy:
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to
To Donald, women like Alicia are only as valuable as his personal opinion about their looks.
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention
A night we'll never forget.
RT Let's show the world that we're standing together. Chip in now:
"That reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings."
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Thank you Michigan!
"You do not try to keep American democracy in 'suspense.’ Too many people have fought and marched and died for this democracy.” —
" Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts"
"I accept your nomination for president of the United States!” —Hillary
"A woman who expresses her emotions oftentimes is questioned...it's part of the subtle—and not so subtle—biases tha…
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!
Thank you Ohio!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. Video:
. First Presidential Debate Poll: Trump: 80% Clinton: 20% Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
Under Trump's child care plan, hardworking families that can’t afford child care in the first place would get little to no real help.
" anything is better than
"Girls would grow up with a president who...brags about doing things to them without their consent." —Hillary on Donald Trump
RT When we stand together - as white, black and hispanic, gay and straight, women and men - we trump hate.
"She knows that for progress to happen, we have to listen to each other, and see ourselves in each other.” — on Hillary
is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero.
On average, it takes black women until today to catch up to white men's 2015 earnings. Time to close the pay gap.
Thank you Louisiana!
RT Despite rain, thousands here in Pembroke Pines to VOTE EARLY. We are soaked but psyched!
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ tonight- join us: Naples, Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm:
RT . wrote for us about what millennials have taught her during this election:
"Let us be vigilant, but not afraid…we choose resolve, not fear. We will not turn on each other or undermine each other.” —Hillary
RT My takeaway of the Pence is asking Americans to get behind a candidate who's words he himself can not defend.
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:
" Senator Sanders spent more than yet lost."
RT First Trump attacked the Hotel Roanoke. Then a Gold Star VA family. Today, he kicked a baby out of a VA rally. Virginia is no…
Watching the
RT My message to Donald Trump and Mike Pence.
Ryan is still endorsing Trump.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans.
“The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything ‘They Touch Turns To Molten Lead’
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
Imagine Donald Trump's most hateful rhetoric signed into law. Mike Pence's record shows that it could happen.
Donald Trump is unqualified and totally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. You can stop him. Register to vote today:
Newspapers and magazines across the country are breaking with tradition to endorse Hillary.
" Hillary Just Handed a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy!
Trump talks about enacting extreme policy ideas that hurt Americans. His VP pick has actually done it.
A big, beautiful list of literally every tweet Donald Trump has sent about Mexico over the last two years.
. is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
“I would not have signed up for this. None of us would have. I am here today for my son, Trayvon Martin, who is in heaven” —Sybrina Fulton
If you do your job, you’re supposed to be rewarded for your work, not stiffed.
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
"They have to go." Trump has been perfectly clear about his intentions for millions of immigrants.
. &amp; &amp; Hillary &amp; You?
As said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations.
I am interviewed on This Week on this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!
" DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isn’t afraid to tell it like it is." Governor
Last night, U.S. Olympic swimmer won gold and made history.
"We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right"
RT Le presentamos ¡Hillary en español!, una nueva cuenta para compartirles información sobre esta campaña presidencial.
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center!
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify. Video:
RT News from Miami Beach highlighting urgency of the Zika crisis, a public health emergency. Congress needs to act now.
You don’t want to miss this one: Join Hillary, and live in Philly.
"If you're a young person worried about affording college, [Hillary] has a plan to make your education tuition-free." —
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!
A message from Hillary to young women everywhere:
One adviser called Hillary's efforts to get kids health insurance a "one-woman army inside the White House."
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
" Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!!
“It’s not just about women—[Trump] never apologizes or says he’s sorry for anything.” —Hillary
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on -
We can't let Donald Trump bully his way to the presidency.
Our planet's future depends on the decisions we make now. RT if you agree it's time to combat climate change.
“If you believe that your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserve equal pay, join us!” —Hillary
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy National Dog Day!
"Middle-class families fighting to give your kids a better life: Democrats stand in your corner." —
The story of this campaign.
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
Equality is on the ballot. Justice is on the ballot. Our progress is on the ballot.
" JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave
Fired up. Ready to go. Join live in Florida with just 11 days left:
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'
Thank you Redding, California!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
RT Join LIVE in Denver, Colorado via his page- we are here!!
RT Good morning! Join me in Lima, Ohio - tomorrow evening at 7pm. Tickets:
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays'
Here's why Donald Trump might be refusing to release his tax returns:
Can you say you stepped up when it counted most? Chip in before tonight's to show you're on Hillary's team:
"I am betting that tomorrow, you will reject fear, and you'll choose hope.” —
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
"Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election." —Hillary
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons.” —Hillary on
RT "We must be a force for unity in America, for a vision that includes all of us." —Gen. John Allen at the DNC
The failing wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! Tickets:
We can step up and confront climate change, save our planet, and invest in clean energy. Or, we can do nothing.…
In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for president by describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals.
Will be on at 7:02 A.M. Enjoy.
" Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for
" Wow, really nice!
"We are the United States of America. We will not falter or fail. We will not retreat or surrender." —
Now we know what Trump really thinks about us. Sad!
"Home is where your character is stamped, where it’s stamped into your soul. Where your values are set.” —
"I’m a Catholic, and Hillary is a Methodist, but I tell you, her creed is the same as mine: Do all the good you can.” —
"Donald, I did enjoy listening to your speech…I’m sure I’ll enjoy listening to Mike Pence deny you ever gave it." —Hillary
Trump would form an armed deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country.
" Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!
Agreed!
To everyone in the path of Hurricane Matthew: Stay safe, and know that America is with you.
Just read in the failing that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
One candidate would stand up for workers and their families. The other? Not so much.
RT Donald Trump and Mike Pence are aligned on the issues. Now, will Pence defend the things Trump does?
Watching fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Get the details you need to know ahead of day one at the
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
George was scammed out of his savings—his retirement, his kids' college funds—by a real estate "course" at Trump U.
RT WE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES!!!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
Just got back from Asheville, North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
“If I have the opportunity, I’ll do whatever I can to make things a little easier for you." —Hillary to young women
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:…
“Hello Philadelphia! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go?” —
" Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm"
From rivals to colleagues to friends. Hillary and in photos:
RT Alicia merece respeto por enfrentar con valentía los ataques de Trump. ¿Y él tiene el descaro de culparla y decir que él l…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida! Sanford at 3pm: Tallahassee at 6pm:
" Let's be clear.. is about "Never someone we don't own" You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump.
Trump reportedly asked this about nuclear weapons: "If we have them, why can't we use them?" We can't let him beco…
8 things you can do *today* to help elect Hillary:
Trump "can run his campaign however he chooses...I’m going to keep talking about the stakes in this election.”
" GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America.
Donald Trump told lie after lie last night because it's all he has to offer the American people.
RT Not that long ago, if you had a disability, it defined your entire life. Basic, essential things that others could do, you couldn’…
RT "I happen to have a tremendous feeling for Mexican Americans.” —Donald Trump, August 31, 2016
Why do Trump’s foreign policy ideas read like a Putin wish list?
RT A speaker tonight said that Donald Trump always pays his bills. Annnd that claim just got rated false. ht…
" Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!"
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his hands anywhere near the nuclear codes.
More people will early vote in 2016 than ever before. Join them:
" THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
RT Aloha Hawaii: We would be honored to have your vote! Find your caucus
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!
RT Stronger together.
" . "Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget!
"Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far"
"We brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden." —
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
RT Celebramos la trayectoria de Sonia Sotomayor, una pionera que ha abierto el camino para muchos otros.
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.
" great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016"
RT This is what I saw while photographing and more at the
Thank you Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!
Nobody is watching anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
As secretary of state, Hillary restored our reputation around the world and made us safer.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
Thank you for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to
RT FACT: Trump's health care plans would take health insurance away from 21 million Americans.
"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
Thank you! Together we will
Hillary’s set to take the debate stage at 9pm ET. Here's where you can watch:
Mike Pence tried to legalize LGBT discrimination in Indiana—and cost the state millions in the process.
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
RT Exclusive: writes about plans for a $25 billion HBCU investment &amp; tuition free public universities
I am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
" Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote only candidate that will protect your rights!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, Two clowns!
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
RT A vote 103 years in the making: Ruline Steininger is one of the first in Iowa to vote in person for Hillary Clinton
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Tha…
RT . sits down Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis for her most memorable interview yet.
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down!
Failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Join me live in Reno, Nevada!
Donald Trump has painted a dark, divisive picture of America. We have 102 days to stop him from becoming president.
I look forward to watching tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.
VOTE on 11/8/16!
" ‘Now cut off my mic!’ Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment – HEATED!
RT Hillary passed Obama in total black voters who participated in Early Voting in Florida. 2012: 539,000 2016: 564,000 (n…
The almost always backs the GOP nominee for president. Here’s why they endorsed Hillary in 2016:
60% of adults experiencing mental health illnesses are untreated. It's time to close the treatment gap.
Find out how much Hillary's college plan will save you:
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
With just 8 days until Election Day, Hillary is speaking in Ohio. Join her live:
RT In honor of our Weekend of Action, read why Jasmine Smalls ( is a proud member of Team
RT It’s time to come clean, Donald. Release your tax returns. Explain your business interests.
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
10. How did the Russian mob boss who ran a criminal organization out of Trump Tower get a VIP pass to your Miss Universe pageant in Moscow?
Go to to see how much you and your family could save under Hillary’s student debt plan.
" Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers" Lou is great
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
"The fear of nuclear war that we had as children, I never thought our children would ever have to deal with that ag…
"Donald Trump and Mike Pence: We are not going back to the dark days when women died in back alleys." —
Enter to win a signed copy of Hillary and Tim's new book!
“More than 16.5 million people have already voted in this election.” —Hillary Join them:
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
Crooked’s top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST
The ultimate test of our society is how we treat our fellow human beings, especially those who we have previously left behind.
" Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! Thanks
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure:
We also need to tackle the student debt crisis and help those like who have already borrowed.
In America, we’re always stronger together.
We need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system. Not half measures, but full measures:…
This week, Donald Trump made a shockingly ignorant pitch to African American voters.
Thank you!
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
In America, we don't say, “I alone can fix it.” We say, "We'll fix it together.”
" It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony."
“[Launching a nuclear weapon] can take as little as 4 minutes. 4 minutes. That’s why...Trump should never be put in charge.” —Hillary
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon…
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
Thank you Albany, New York!
"Stand up and reject cynicism. Stand up and reject fear. Choose hope. Choose hope. Choose hope. Choose hope. Ch…
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength.
“Clinton has the temperament, knowledge and experience to be president.” —
“This November, I’m voting for a woman…who knows women’s rights are human rights…here at home and around the world.” —
Donald Trump has spent his career stiffing small businesses, refusing to pay them what they’re owed.
RT this if you're proud to be standing with Hillary tonight.
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Remember: If he becomes president, Donald Trump would have the U.S. economy in his hands.
is not qualified!
Why would Putin want Trump to win? The nice things he’s said about him? His promise to adopt pro-Kremlin policies? Or his business dealings?
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
A wall that Mexico will pay for: a bad idea from an even worse negotiator.
RT You still have a chance to be a part of history and join Hillary at the on Thursday. Enter here:
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
RT My dad was born in Poland. Do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not I was born in America? Nobody ever aske…
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.
"I would give every single day that I have left for just one more day with my mom." —Erica Smegielski
" No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
RT The Advocate endorses the only candidate who is a champion of causes. ht…
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
When Mike Pence says he and Donald Trump won't raise taxes, he's lying.
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy!
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them!
" blames for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis."
However you serve, it feels great to be a part of something bigger than yourself—to work toward making something good happen in the world.
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
8 things you should know about before tonight's debate.
“Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office…but Hillary’s been in the room; she’s been part of those decisions.” —
RT Watch Michael Bloomberg sum up a whole lot about that's wrong with Donald Trump in less than a minute:
RT This war hero's Gold Star parents want you to know why they're backing . for president
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a…
RT . will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years!
Let’s make sure it does on Election Day →
"We’re going to make public colleges like Wayne State tuition-free for working families.” —Hillary in Detroit
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing…
RT The Clinton Foundation has an A+ rating from Charity Watch. Yesterday the Trump Foundation was ordered to stop fundraising i…
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Trump wants to bring NYC's old, unconstitutional stop-and-frisk policy—aka racial profiling—to a city near you.
"When Donald Trump talks about deporting 11 million people, he’s talking about...separating families like mine and like Karla’s" —
"Donald Trump doesn't see people like me, he only sees disability. I honestly feel bad for someone with so much hat…
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
RT Obama on whether Trump could be trusted with US nuclear weapons: "Make your own judgment"
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton. This is not me just going through the motions here.” —
Thank you for your support of my candidacy!
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of…
Ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending Hillary back in 1994: "She looks at me the way I always w…
RT Clinton announces plan to address 'unjustified' price hikes on life-saving drugs
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets
Join on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day.
" Trump leading LA Times poll
Over 60% of adults with disabilities aren’t in the workplace. We have to fix that.
Never heard of a “blue collar worker” losing nearly $1 billion in a year and cheating hundreds of other workers in…
"When she didn’t win the nomination 8 years ago, she didn’t get...disillusioned...she proudly stepped up to serve our country." —
RT I was honored to be a part of history at the DNC. Hillary Clinton is an inspiration for women everywhere.
. Great job and advice on Thank you!
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! Tickets:
" Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BACK.
"If you believe in science and that we have to act on climate change, then you have to vote!" —Hillary
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats:
RT Register and vote for Democrats like and
Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
RT Why backing and his endorsement of is the move for this election: h…
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%'
I will be interviewed by at 6pm ET tonight
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by
"I am so excited that I finally get to vote for my mom in a few hours.” —
" is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, &amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
Already voted? That's great! Now help Hillary win by signing up to make calls now:
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c…
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Great to be back in Iowa! with joining me in Davenport- this past winter.
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
RT “Police officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD." -
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
If you're on team tonight, chip in before the to let him know:
"The America I know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. The America I know is decent and generous.” —
My daughter will be on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: NEW- Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30pm:
"Donald Trump is a man who dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises." —
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page for that!
This was not actually a hard question. "I strongly support Roe v. Wade." —Hillary
Thank you for the nice comments on today. Great job!
Why the is urging voters to support Hillary in the “starkest political choice in living memory”:
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse.
Cheryl's husband died serving our country. Trump's company scammed her out of money she needed for her family.
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls.
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by &amp;
27 days to go &amp; Hillary’s hitting the trail in Colorado. Watch live: And register to vote:
Wish Hillary a happy birthday by making a plan to vote:
"We’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year.”
Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs.
RT One thing is clear: Tim Kaine won the debate on abortion.
The progress we’ve made under is on the line. We owe it to our kids to get out and vote:…
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
"Sometimes the man in the arena, it ain't a man. It is a woman." —
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Clinton's are the real predators...
Wow, has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
RT . has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooked
✅Florida ✅Illinois ✅Missouri ✅North Carolina ✅Ohio
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center! Tickets:
RT To recap:
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
I will be on tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy!
Happy from
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!
We are seeing large numbers of people turning out, breaking records. Make sure you’re ready to vote, too:
"I call on all Republicans to put people before politics and finally vote on a clean funding bill to fight Zika right here in Florida."
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington!
Drug companies should never put profits before patients. Our plan to stop excessive prescription drug price hikes:
"Everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." —Hillary
" The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for
RT We must ensure access to safe and legal abortion for all women—not just in principle but in practice.
Hillary’s running for people who are trying to do hard things and need a helping hand, people like Janelle Turner.
We’re going to invest in union training programs and apprenticeship programs so you can earn while you learn:
“I’m Hillary Clinton and I’ve always approved this message.”
Mike Pence introduced himself to America last night. Here's what we learned—and what he forgot to mention:
Thank you America!
RT And proud of it.
"I don't want bullies in my life, and I especially don't want one in the White House." —Bryce, a student living wit…
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter,
Thank you Proud of you!
RT Proud to celebrate Nat. Purple Heart Day today. Thank you to my fellow vets &amp; service members for your sacrifice.
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"We’re going to make our economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” —
If you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what has to say:
RT Hillary's ready because of her heart. She's ready because of her experience. She's ready because she knows we're stronger tog…
Still time to
RT No, this seriously happened...
The Central Park Five were exonerated. What does it say about Trump that he thinks they should still be in prison?
Funny, if you listen to the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States.
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!
"It’s true: I sweat the details of policy...because it’s not just a detail if it’s your kid, if it’s your family. It’s a big deal."
RT Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
“What I’ve laid out is a path forward that will keep us safer...and go after the terrorists to finally destroy them"
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
Both candidates have laid out economic plans. See how each would impact your state:
Arena was packed, totally electric!
Nobody here was “having fun” except for Trump.
Joel Sollender, WWII veteran and POW, on what it means when he hears Trump insult our vets.
“There’s only one person in this election who will...help you, and that is Hillary Clinton.” —
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America!
“More than 3 million people have already voted, including many of you right here in Ohio.” —Hillary Join them:
RT The Arizona Republic ed board has endorsed See why: via
RT Even childcare plan gives billionaires w/ a nanny a tax break while millions of low-income household…
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'
Here's what foreign policy experts, diplomats, and world leaders think about Hillary's four years as America's secr…
Trump's dangerously wrong when he says “I alone can fix it.” Americans haver never put our faith in one man—we put our faith in each other.
Thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
" Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!"
Thank you, California! Will see you soon!
The must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
The decision we make in four days will affect our country for decades. RT this if you agre…
Trump obsessively bullies Rosie O'Donnell—an accomplished actor. He insulted Kim Kardashian for her weight—when she was pregnant. Pathetic.
If you were born between 1980 and 2002, Hillary has big plans to help you.
Concerned for the millions of families in Hurricane Matthew's path. You can donate to help those in need here. -H
“I have this old-fashioned notion that if you’re running for president, you should say what you’re going to do.”
Having a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts, but it does teach you the va…
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
RT When Trump talks about his mass deportation plan, he's talking about breaking up families like Karla's.
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
Proud to have the endorsement of General Powell, a decorated soldier and distinguished statesman. -H
On this day in 1973, tennis champion Billie Jean King defeated Bobby Riggs in the “Battle of the Sexes.”
RT "Our identities do not have to be defined by putting someone else down but can be enhanced by lifting someone else up" —
"That’s a special thing about Hillary—when there’s a job worth doing, she doesn’t abandon it." —President Carter
"You do not represent us. Your ideas don’t represent us. Your values don’t represent us." Add your name:
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!
"If his closest advisors don’t trust him to tweet, why would any of us trust him with the nuclear codes?” — on Trump
We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top. Too many families are feeling financial stress.
" . awesome job on DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call "Delegate Bribery"
A young girl asked Hillary, "Do you think when you're president, you'll be paid as much as a man?"
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!
G’mar chatima tova to those celebrating Wishing you a meaningful day and an easy fast. -H
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts.
RT if you’re proud of Hillary tonight.
We need to make sure every American has high-speed internet access. And we will:
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
U.S. intelligence has confirmed the Russian government is directing cyberattacks against the U.S. to influence the outcome of our election.
A man’s role in child care, according to Donald Trump:
RT Winner- More honesty, more facts. Fierce advocate for his running mate. wouldn't touch Donald with 10…
Barack&amp; Michelle&amp; Joe&amp; Bernie&amp; Elizabeth&amp; You?
I will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
About views on working women and pregnancy.
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
" If you want a job next January today. will work for the people."
RT BREAKING POLL: Trump Gains 11 Points on Clinton Since March=&gt; Now Leads Crooked Hillary 46-44 vi…
Get the latest from the floor before Hillary takes the stage:
" They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it."
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
“Tomorrow, with your vote, you can stand up to those who seek to divide us and make us afraid.” —
"Tomorrow...the choice you face when you step into that voting booth could not be more clear and could not be more serious.” —
"She gets the job done, and she never, ever, ever quits. And that's why I know she can be a great president.” — on Hillary
Trump said pregnancy is an inconvenience for employers. He dismisses the pay gap. He said wages are too high. He wants to defund
RT Beautiful article about written by my friend, the incredibly talented golfer Natalie Gulbis:
When you have a really, really good night.
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Is this what we want for a President?
. Why Mike Pence Didn’t Defend Donald Trump
One wrong move can be the difference between life and death when you're president.
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll game America's whole tax system to make himself richer. Seriously.
RT Editorial endorsement: Hillary Clinton is the clear choice for president
Watch this before you watch tonight's debate.
“I never thought I’d say these words, but Ted Cruz was right...in this election, do the right thing and vote your conscience.” —Hillary
Road trip: Tag along on Hillary and bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania →
Lincoln: "War, at its best, is terrible." Trump: "I love war." How Trump's words compare to former presidents':
" "In my mind, is the only way out of this mess." - of TV's Thank you Phil!
"When you try to sow the seeds of doubt in people's minds about the legitimacy of our elections—then that undermines our democracy." —
"After everything we saw at the Republican Convention...being here with you on this beautiful day is like a breath of fresh air." —Hillary
" Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!"
RT . watching you speak on in New Hampshire in tears. You are a true role model and leader.
We are going to end the federal government making money off of lending money to get your education.
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. is wasting time
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?
"She's in the arena for you, fighting every day to make sure everybody gets a fair shake.” — on Hillary
"I am pleased to second the nomination for Hillary Clinton as the party candidate for president!” —
"You can leave this ad muted—there's nothing to hear." —
" is so angry. Our looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies
RT Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to b…
I agree, To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to w/ me on 11/8.
We’ve got to take on discrimination &amp; bigotry. We can’t accept as normal what we’re seeing across this country because of Trump’s campaign.
America is stronger when we expand access to the ballot box, not restrict it. It's time to
I hear / came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
"What’s really on the ballot is what kind of country we want for our children and grandchildren.” —Hillary
RT Just got off the phone with Hillary. I’m honored to be her running mate. Can’t wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami!
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
" Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be
Trump just said he “doesn’t throw babies out” of his rallies... Let’s review the record.
RT . is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! htt…
" is so much more likeable than Kaine
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
“If Hillary doesn’t win this election, that will be on us.” — Don't let that happen:
" That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for
RT Trump's tax plan would add significantly to the national debt...$5.3 trillion to be exact.
“The choice in this election could not be clearer...this election is basically between division and unity in our co…
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know.
With just 14 days until Election Day, join Hillary live for a rally in Florida →
Our troops strive to conduct themselves with honor. They deserve a Commander-in-Chief who will never order them to commit war crimes.
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally!
Even Mike Pence can't defend Donald Trump's insult-driven campaign.
9. Have you or your campaign discussed U.S.-Russian relations with the Russian billionaires with whom you've done business?
When Donald Trump goes low...register to vote:
"She is a fighter for what is right, what is fair, and what is just." —
" Was going to watch for the primary results but saw - looks like tonight"
Wow, now leading in / Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
. Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Wow, I hear has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
What our president says matters. We can't let hateful words speak for us.
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
RT "We're going to work to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II" —Hillary
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done!
" he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!"
The NRA is based in Virginia, but that's never stopped from leading the fight to reduce gun violence.
FBI Director Comey owes the American people an explanation. Five things you need to know:
"I believe that for each of us, our greatest monument on this earth won’t be what we build, but the lives we touch." —Hillary
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
Will be on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Thinking of my friend and outstanding public servant Brooklyn DA Ken Thompson, who passed away yesterday. My prayer…
Ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending Hillary back in 1994: "She looks at me the way I always w…
sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an OPSEC violation’
RT "I'm living through history, and my mom and my grandma are finally getting to see it as well." —Ebony, 21, NC
“Let me tell you who built this damn country: the middle class.” — Let's keep building it, together:
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
"Hillary knows that our country is powerful and vibrant and strong—big enough to have a place for all of us." —
RT Honored to pray for my friend, at tonight's Dallas rally. c:
The panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
Young people say two things: ✓ College is too expensive ✓ Student debt is crushing them We’re going to help them:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
" Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running.
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, and just go home.
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets:
RT Hello, Virginia! After an exciting week on the trail with I'm so happy to be home. -TK
"Trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security." —Michael Morell
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
"We do not scare easily. We never bow. We never bend. We never break when confronted with crisis.” —
RT Last chance Find your polling location for today's primary &amp; go vote! Visit 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
RT Clinton and Trump are confirmed to participate in a "Commander-in-chief" forum with on September 7th
" to for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending bias
"His lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phrase…he’s proud he made famous—'you’re fired.'" — on Donald Trump
Explain to and who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Clinton Aides: ‘Definitely’ Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:
RT The line to get in to get canvas packets for Hillary in South Philly. I cried a little with joy.
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! Watch rally:…
"A rough night for Hillary Clinton" ABC News.
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
Mike Pence claiming that Trump supports our troops and veterans when he insults them and probably doesn't pay taxes is laughable.
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget!
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; tomorrow.
"Elections aren't just about who votes, but who doesn't vote." —
" Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony"
. just reminded Mike Pence of the bigoted things Trump has said about millions of Americans—and Pence couldn't defend it.
RT Clinton today released a “sweeping agenda” to address America’s mental health problem, per
We launched an all-Spanish Twitter account, because we believe in bringing as many people as possible into this conversation.
Education is at stake. The environment is at stake. LGBT equality are at stake. Equal pay is at stake.…
This Republican dad is struggling with the idea of his daughter growing up in a country led by Donald Trump.
RT RT if you agree WON the BIG LEAGUE!
My lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll: TRUMP 77% (18,290) CLINTON 17% (4,100)
America has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems.
"The last thing we need is somebody running for president who talks trash about America." —Hillary in Tampa
" Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big"
We're going to make college debt-free for everyone in America. See how much you could save with Hillary's plan at…
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE Together, we will put…
Thanks Dave!
Here are some things we’ve both done over the last 30 years:
Reuters polling just out- thank you!
Donald Trump says he'd deport 16 million people. How do you even begin to quantify that?
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW! Springfield-1pm: Toledo-4pm: Geneva-7pm…
Trump boasts the support of some of the most extreme voices in politics. Now one of them runs his campaign:
Off to Indiana!
My wife will be w/ tonight at 7pmE on Enjoy!
" teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again."
Student debt and the cost of college are incredibly important. Why isn’t Donald Trump talking about these issues?
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
RT You better listen to — won't stay throwed.
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm: Tomorrow- Tampa, Florida at 10am:
Thank you for your endorsement Video:
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
We've made our union more perfect because people refused to be kept on the sidelines. Onward.
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest.
" we can only do that with RT
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
RT Donald Trump doesn’t want to make America great. He wants to make it afraid, because that's the only way he wins:
Thank you Georgia!
Together, we’ll face head-on the reality of systemic racism and work to reform our criminal justice system.
Meet Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy.
While millions of families paid their fair share in taxes, it looks like Trump contributed nothing to our military…
Seriously, what is going on with Trump and Russia?
Let's send Donald Trump—and the world—a clear message.
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families
We’re going to make the biggest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II:
"She doesn't just see one America. She sees all of America &amp; knows that we need all of us." — on Hillary
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
20 years after Donald bullied a beauty pageant winner for her weight, the real "problem" is...still Donald.
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina! watch here…
If Trump wants to talk about debt, let’s start with the $34 trillion (that's a "t") his tax plan would run up.
Thank you Vermont!
This lifelong Republican wrote a letter to his daughter about why he's voting for Hillary this November:
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16.
RT Wonderful: Men at describe what electing a woman president means to them
Watch live: Hillary takes the stage for the first presidential debate →
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus. Now we’ve got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare.
"My view is we are already great, and if we work together, we will become even greater in the years ahead.” —Hillary in Florida
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Mike Pence: a divisive, anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-worker extremist. No wonder Trump picked him.
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy. We should focus on supporting them—not stiffing them.
" Hillary read "sigh" off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel:
Barack Obama said progress is on the ballot this November. This economic data shows he’s right.
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy!
“We still have more work to do. More work to do for every American still in need of a good job or a raise.” —
Our children and grandchildren will look back at the choice we make on Tuesday. Let's make them proud.…
RT Watch: asks Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan to repudiate Trump. Tune in to for the interview
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on - He was great! Thank you John.
RT Congratulations to Carla Hayden, sworn in today as 14th Follow her at
"As I recall, we had a revolution to make sure we didn't have someone who said, 'I can fix it alone.'" —Hillary
"He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from 'Morning in America’ to 'Midnight in America.’” —Hillary on Trump
. is much better, and far more truthful, than which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
RT CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN?
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
"In the quiet moments backstage or at the end of a long day, I find myself thinking about my mother."…
The question in this election: Who can put the plans into action that will make your life better?
It is amazing how gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
We’re going to invest $10 billion in “Make it in America” partnerships to support American manufacturing:
. thank you for your support tonight on
"The good news is that my pneumonia finally got some Republicans interested in women’s health.” —Hillary
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews.
" and we love you Diamond and Silk" I do also!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
A quick search of Trump’s website shows the top mentions of “student debt” and “college” are attacks—not solutions.
Sarah McBride, the first trans person to speak at a party convention: "Despite our progress, so much work remains."
Charity Watch called the "one of the great humanitarian charities of our generation."
RT Thank you &amp; everyone fighting for autonomy &amp; health for all. 100 years, and we're just getting started.…
" WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE!
“We need to get better at finding ways to disagree on matters of policy, while agreeing on questions of decency.”
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a under a serious emergency belongs!
Trump’s calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. We’re better than this.
"I’m running for young people like so many of you who dream of changing our world for the better.” —Hillary
Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.
Debt shouldn't hold people back from going to college. Let's make sure it doesn’t.
RT If you need motivation to vote, here's Beyoncé giving an impromptu word about
"This loss hurts. But please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it." —Hillary
Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. What that would mean: his family gets a $4 billion tax cut. 99.8% of Americans get nothing.
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
RT Trump questions the citizenship of the first black president, courts white supremacists, and has been sued for housing…
"What kind of a man cheats students, cheats investors, cheats workers? ... A man who must never be president" —Warren on Trump
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS!
Trump has contributed $0 for our military, $0 for Pell Grants to help people afford college, $0 for our highways.
When it comes to policy plans, there's no comparing Hillary and Trump.
It's time to finally put access to care for mental health on par with physical health.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
Networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting!
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!
Our next president needs to do everything possible to make life a little easier for working parents.
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT I watched Michelle Obama’s incredible speech. I asked about it.
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES, are never blamed by media? SAD!
“I believe America’s best days are still ahead of us.” —Hillary
The fact that Trump's answer to a question about racial injustice is just "we need law and order" pretty much says it all.
RT . once used $20,000 of his charity's money to buy a six-foot-tall painting of...himself.
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
" Love it! is done. We need someone who is proven. will make America Great Again"
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
I will be interviewed on at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
RT Pence is right. Clinton &amp; Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such an…
"You are right about Islamophobia, and it's a shame." —Donald Trump, who proposed a ban on Muslims entering the U.S.
"We really are just trying to make our mark in life by helping people."
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. on Tuesday, April 5th! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be interviewed on at 7:40. ENJOY!
"I want to be a president for all Americans, not just for some Americans; Democrats, Republicans, Independents." —Hillary
A very interesting take from
The many, many lies Mike Pence told at last night's debate.
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So proud of you, Karla.
Trump's always put his own profits above all—no matter who else gets hurt. Why would that change if he's president?
RT Study: Donald Trump would raise taxes on millions of middle-class families
Pantsuit up.
My son, will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on Enjoy!
Thank you Tennessee!
No, Barack Obama is not the founder of ISIS.
RT James Comey said it himself -- "we don't know the significance" of these emails. But he sent the letter anyway.
"America is great because America is good, and if we…lift each other up, instead of tearing each other down, we can be even greater."
A big fat hit job on tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. said I would never run, a dope!
Thank you,
Who benefits from Donald Trump's "new" economic plan? Rich people like Donald Trump.
My heart breaks for the family of the officer killed in Arkansas today. Grateful for his service to his community. -H
Join Hillary for her last rally of the campaign in Raleigh, North Carolina:
We don't know why Trump and Putin praise each other so much and share many foreign policies. We'll let you guess.
Great new poll Florida - thank you!
Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich. We stand with our friends in Germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice. -H
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation:
" how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you!
"I think this is the most important election in my lifetime." takes the 🎤 in this week's podcast:
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:
Helping small businesses succeed is about more than policy—it's personal.
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally
"You are the change makers, the path breakers, and the ground shakers. You are proof that Black Girl Magic is real.…
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
RT NBC News: As of today, over 43 million votes have been cast nationwide, with nearly 20 million in 12 battleground states
Yesterday, made Olympic history with her gold medal in women's shot put ( first!).
You are not our voice,
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings"
Today is birthday! It's not too late to sign his card here:
When they go low...we vote:
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
43 times Donald Trump lied—or was just totally wrong—on the debate stage last night:
"I said no to some jokes that I thought were over the line, but I suppose you can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days."
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here:
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
No parent should pay more than 10% of their income on quality child care.
" Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!!
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!
Thank you Video:
Donald Trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election. By doing that, he’s threatening our democracy.
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
RT My friend brings knowledge and experience to what is already the most qualified Presidential ticket in my lifet…
RT What issues matter the most to you? Create your page and share with your friends to tell them why they need to vote:
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing pretends she knows me well--wrong!
"Humility is not something you hear much about in politics, is it? But we should. None of us is perfect." —Hillary
Trump famously posted an anti-Semitic graphic that first appeared on a white supremacist website.
This week in 1848, the Seneca Falls Convention declared that women deserve equal rights. 168 years later...
“The bottom line is that we can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —
We can’t.
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld twice! I am the only one who will
The to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon.
If Trump needs help with diplomacy, he could learn a lot from our last secretary of state.
Thank you South Dakota!
RT In America, our shared values make us stronger. We can't let Trump tear down everything we stand for.
If you can't spot the difference between Pence and Trump on their disastrous economic plans, it's because there isn…
RT "We’re here today because our choice is I’m with Hillary." —
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:
Today's bombing of a hospital in Pakistan is despicable. We have to stand up against terror and come together to prevent these attacks. -H
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
A fringe element has effectively taken over Trump’s campaign and the Republican Party.
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
"She is still the best darn change maker I have ever known.” — on Hillary
"Trump’s ideas are not only profoundly wrong, they’re dangerous and they’re very un-American.” —
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN!
RT . at the Arizona Democratic Party Early Vote Rally at Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona.
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA! MIAMI•12pm ORLANDO•4pm PENSACOLA•7p…
RT We can fight climate change because our next president has a plan.
" we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him" Great!
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
" Vote Early in the will
" brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You' slogan
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence.
"What Hillary’s all about is making sure every one of you…can look your child in the eye and say…everything is gonna be ok.” —
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We need to elect people up and down the ballot, at every level of government, who take climate change seriously and are ready to take it on.
" FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.
In its 120-year history, has never endorsed a Democrat. Here's why the paper just endorsed Hillary:
" "that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before" favorite line from tonights debate."
The failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
Donald Trump's economic plan is a bad deal for working families—and a big tax cut for Donald Trump.
This week, Donald Trump suddenly tried to claim that he has some "regrets." About that...
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO!
RT if you believe that Then make sure you're registered to vote:
"I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here." Catch up on Hillary's best lines at the
RT Hey this thing called Google...
Great Governor is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
More than 200 million voters are registered to vote in this election. That’s more than ever before. Join them:
“I want to be the president, yes, for Democrats, but also for Republicans and Independents.” —Hillary in Colorado
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! Tickets:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's
When Hillary learned that the families of the fallen were only promised $12,000 in benefits, she took action.
RT Go to and register to vote today. Register your friends. Register everyone you know.
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics,’ No Vision:
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
" Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
'The Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'
"I’m betting that young people turn out to vote because your future is at stake.” —
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
. you have failed, failed, and failed. Time to
Follow tonight for live fact-checking of Donald Trump’s speech. The best facts, in fact.
Road trip.
RT We're going to fight for the ACA so kids like Jude aren't ever turned away because of a pre-existing condition.
The hasn't endorsed a Democrat for president since before WWII. Here's why it's endorsing Hillary:
Going to bat for kids who are too often counted out has always been a priority for Hillary.
A reminder heading into tonight's debate.
" You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K"
Introducing ¡Hillary en español!, a new account to bring you the latest from this campaign in Spanish. Follow
RT As the grandfather of two precious girls, I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump's reprehensible comments degradi…
“Democrats, we are the party of working people.” —Hillary
How will Trump guarantee that he'll put America's security over his own financial interests?
"I believe it is an imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States.” —
We will repeal &amp; replace which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!
When any barrier falls in America, it clears the way for everyone.
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets:
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
Will miss tonight at the I hope all of Ben's followers will join the We will never forget.
Van Jones: ‘There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ — It Has to Do With Trade:
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
"When we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out."
If you believe that America thrives when the middle class thrives, then you have to vote.
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good.
" Actually, no has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.
ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
Thank you West Virginia!
RT "Clinton is eminently qualified to serve as President, and Trump is unfit for this office." ~2/3rds of living American…
“We'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United!” —Hillary
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
RT A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief.
Tonight is the final presidential debate. RT this if you're with Hillary.
You can watch 360 video live from the podium!
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus—now it’s our job to create more good jobs so everyone can afford the fare.
Show Trump his tweets come at a cost—because Hillary supporters are pledging to donate every time he tweets:…
“We have to decide whether we’re going to work together so we can all rise together.” —Hillary
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history.
Tonight, Mike Pence is going to prove he's got Trump's back no matter what. Follow to hold him ac…
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
RT Statement from in response to Comey letter to GOP chairmen
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
Join me on as I conclude my final preparations.
"All that progress is at stake if we don't do the right thing over these last 19 days." —
"When it comes to handling a crisis, we’ve seen in this campaign, Donald Trump loses his cool at the slightest provocation.” —Hillary
“We have never had a more qualified and prepared candidate for president than our friend Hillary.” —
We have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a so-called billionaire.
If you've ever wondered what Hillary's like as a friend, you could ask Janelle.
RT "I still have nightmares. And they are very real" — A soldier who struggled with PTSD educates
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
"America has never been about what one person says he’ll do for us. It’s always been about what can be achieved by us, together.” —
Why doesn't the failing write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
On November 9, if you want to say you voted for a better future, make a plan to vote now:
Video:
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count…
This race comes down to two things: what kind of future we want for our kids and how we achieve it.
Yesterday's failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
. Great job on this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us yesterday!
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H
"She knows that in a democracy as big and diverse as this, we can't demonize each other.” — on Hillary
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.…
"He looks at a Gold Star family and sees them as Muslims, not patriotic Americans.” —Hillary on Trump
" . is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule.
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
Four hundred pieces of legislation have Hillary Clinton's name on them. How many has Donald Trump passed?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
RT You've probably heard about a bewildering letter sent to Congressional leaders by the FBI Director. Get the facts.
RT "Trump’s plan would cut his own taxes even more…his plan would actually raise taxes for millions of middle-class families." —Hilla…
This team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything.
RT 39 days.
Will Ferrell: comedian, actor, just your average millennial.
"I think after the last week...we'd better be ready to go win an election in November." —Hillary in Tampa
Hypocrite: is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far.
RT Today is the day! Make history and vote early for Hillary in NC. Find your closest polling location:
" TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
. just gave one of the most powerful and emotional speeches of this election. Read it here:
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
So the highly overrated anchor, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
"Men and women. Young and old. Gay and straight. Native-born and immigrant. That's who the hell we are."…
No wonder the is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!
Today marks 241 years of service and sacrifice from the To all sailors serving, past and present, and their families—thank you.
RT . is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level. is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE!
“We’ve got to make sure that women and girls are treated with the dignity and respect in our country that we deserve.” —Hillary
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event taking place on June 24th.
Thank you!
Thank you for your endorsement,
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote!" —
“In the spring of 1971 I met a girl. The first time I saw her we were...in a class on Political and Civil Rights.” — on Hillary
Remember: Trump, the Birther-in-Chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP! Watch:
RT There's no higher calling than service to others.
The documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:…
"Tonight, I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.” —
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
We are about to elect a president—and only one candidate tonight showed she has what it takes. Chip in now:
RT “People shouldn’t be afraid to bring up issues of bias in law enforcement...if you’re afraid to have the discussion, you’ll n…
Thank you
Incredibly proud of my son &amp; his efforts on behalf of in Memphis, TN.
RT Enjoying a quiet moment at back in 1995. Happy
Thank you Washington!
" here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. Very sad!
"Vote!" — Tag a friend who should see this message.
. I'm in awe. Thanks for putting into words what's in so many of our hearts. -H
RT Celebrating with quotes read by 🇺🇸
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS!
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
"Education should lift you up, not hold you back. We’re going to help you pay back and pay down your loans."
Thank you to and all the amazing artists helping to get out the vote. -H
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Trump’s tax plan could give his own family a $4 billion tax break. Here's what we could do with that money instead:
Our kids are watching, Donald.
"Every single one of us has something to contribute to this great country.” —Hillary
It’s Filipino American History Month, so lets honor their many contributions—from serving in WWII to strengthening our labor movement. -H
Follow during tonight's debate so you can help hold Trump accountable to the facts. RT to spread the word.
"It’s really clear that he does not respect women. He just judges us on our looks.” — on Trump
"This fall, we must do everything we can to make sure that Hillary becomes our next Commander-in- Chief." —
“Hillary Clinton will be our first woman president. And she will be a great president." —Meryl Streep
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of First, we need to…
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 11pm. Enjoy!
RT No matter who you supported in the primary, we are united and stronger together.
Lets Maryland!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
Thank you America!
" Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner
I look forward to meeting today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now!
. great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
RT Donald Trump says he has better temperament than Hillary Clinton. Fact check: He is Donald Trump.
Danny Williams and his wife Leah lost their home after Trump University took advantage of them.
History is watching.
If is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done.
RT I've covered a lot of political rallies - I haven seen many where the crowd was THIS excited.
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
RT A message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK!
RT Every Voice is proud to endorse for president.
RT No todas las heridas son visibles. Los veteranos merecen el mejor cuidado de salud mental disponible.
" grand daughter So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!
Thank you!
This election is over in 20 days—but the decision we make will affect our country for generations.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT Today is - I was beaten, left bloody &amp; unconscious so that every person could register and…
"When you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be living in poverty, worrying about whether you can put food on the table.” —Hillary
"I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.”
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF…
In 1964, Monique was three years old and appeared in “Daisy,” a political ad about avoiding nuclear war. Here’s wha…
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
"He was a failure at business…and by wrecking his business, he wrecked the lives of his workers.” —Hillary on Trump
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
"On January 20, we’re going to have a new president. I will be proud to build on the progress we’ve made under and go even further."
. and I will defeat
Here’s the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.
" New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp; increased support for ...Not surprising."
Yesterday, Khizr Khan told the story of a 10-year-old boy who was bullied at school—until his class watched Mr. Kha…
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border.
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces.
Thinking about the people of both Italy and Myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. My heart goes out to the victims’ families. -H
"America is not about ‘yes, he will.' It's about ‘yes, we can.'" —
"Donald Trump’s closing argument is, ‘What do you have to lose?’ The answer is everything.” —
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
Whose rights has Mike Pence restricted? ✓Women ✓Immigrants ✓LGBT people
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Donald Trump's equal pay plan for women: "You're gonna make the same if you do as good a job."
"Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together, and it’s the right thing to do." —Hillary
“What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other.” — on last week’s GOP convention
We know a guy with a binder, (He might not take your calls, though.)
. has the best words when you're not running for president.
I will be live tweeting Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
RT Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal: Trump’s three eldest children jump into campaign
RT Hillary wins another debate. She was strong and smart. Trump said nothing that hurt her and never sounded like he actually knows…
Scripture tells us: Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart.
No child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. We have to do better. Here's how:
“On November 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change—or not.” —
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
We’re going to make our economy grow, but we’re also going to make it fair. Here’s how:
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security?
World leaders on why Hillary's tenure as secretary of state prepared her to be president:
10 times Pence shrugged off or straight-up lied about what Trump has said and done at the
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! on 3/5/2016! Lets
Exclusive Video–Broaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders: ‘These Are Crimes,’ ‘Terrified’ of ‘Enabler’ Hillary
At the 1988 Olympic games, Jackie Joyner-Kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for
Happy The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
Four years in, DACA has helped more than 700,000 undocumented people to live without fear. Let's build on it:
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43% Clinton 41%
Donald Trump’s new message to African American voters isn’t just inaccurate. It’s outrageous.
Let’s build a future where love trumps hate.
RT I ❤️ He's intelligent, strong &amp; he supports gay rights. There's no option here...
RT 'Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States'...
Eight reasons why you shouldn't need a four-year degree to have a successful career:
Thank you America!
"I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs." —Hillary
RT FACT: The spends 87% on its life changing work:
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE!
" just listened to you on fox. I love you so much." Thank you!
RT . confirms FBI found emails on computer, related to Hillary Clinton server, that are "new" &amp; not p…
"It is a correct tweet." —Donald Trump, just now
RT Trump makes a funny, obvious joke about Russia going after Hillary's emails &amp; U.S. media goes insane with fury. He plays t…
Donald Trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office. Now? "It's none of your business."
"I see no conflict in saving people’s lives and defending the 2nd Amendment."
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!
" "Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals!" —Donald Trump
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow!
. is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
RT . officially endorses The only thing that needs to be deported is a Donald Trump presidency:
“I will do my best to bring people together, not pull them apart...let’s make sure we win on Tuesday and prove that love trumps hate.”
"Nobody respects women more than me." —Donald Trump earlier tonight "Such a nasty woman." —Donald Trump just now
Thank you for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."
Congratulations to the 2016 Champions, Pittsburgh
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President, I will protect your market.
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
message from
RT Trump to Matt Lauer on Iraq: "I was totally against the war." Here's proof Trump is lying:
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Trump says he hires the best people. This is what he means:
Huma calls it a "MESS," the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
RT . HBCU plan is really smart. Addresses so many critical issues around access &amp; debt. I'm impressed. htt…
Press play for a preview of the new campaign podcast With Her. Stream the full episode here:
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
"Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority.” —Hillary
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
RT . is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Laurie Hernandez is the first U.S.-born Latina on the Olympic gymnastics team since '84. Good luck!
" Tonight: a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest tweets.
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
Stronger together.
Thank you!
Celebrating 1237!
Hillary’s college plan will help students preparing for college, those already in school, and those paying off debt.
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
"Decent men do not demean women, and we shouldn't tolerate this behavior from any man, let alone a man who wants to be president." —
RT I really can't believe I just saw a Republican nominee for president heap praise on a thuggish Russian leader while de…
"Tomorrow is the election, but that is just the beginning." —Hillary
There's never been a campaign app like this before. Download it today to help Hillary win.
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!
A conversation with Hillary's best friend Betsy about breakups, prom dates, and skateboards:
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States!
Hillary's been called a lot of things over the years. "Quitter" isn't one of them.
"Women's rights are human rights"—and 132 more reasons Hillary should be our next president.
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm! TICKETS: Golden: Phoenix:…
" . &amp; are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
RT Making calls for Hillary is easy! 1. Go to 2. Pick a state 3. Follow the script
“In difficult times, we don’t discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them.” —
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
"What does Donald Trump say about these great Americans? He calls the American military 'a disaster.’” —
"If we’re serious about keeping our country safe, we also can’t afford to have a president who’s in the pocket of the gun lobby." —Hillary
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!
" Congratulations Mr. Trump." Thank you!
We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together.
"Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all." —Hillary
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ❌LIBYA ❌SYRIA ❌IRAN ❌IRAQ ❌ASIA PIVOT ❌RUSSIAN RESET ❌BENGHAZI…
. Poll and say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
"Let us declare again that we are a nation of interdependence and that in America, love always trumps hate." —
RT Election Day is less than one month away. Go to and make sure you're registered today.
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
RT Pope on Trump: "A person who thinks only about building walls...is not Christian." This is Vatican City.
Trump wants America to work for him and his friends. We need to build an economy that works for everyone.
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:…
"We have to get out and make sure we vote.” — in Ohio with HIllary
Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
RT Wonder what Trump's hiding in his tax returns? Tap through the reel to see some of the best guesses!
RT "Everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect... and America can be defined in one single word — 'possibilitie…
" Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
. and did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
"About half of the people he wants to deport—they’ve paid more taxes than Donald Trump has paid.” —Hillary in Arizona
" A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
We are better than this.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
Jennifer is a terrific person.
Still a complete lie.
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. means…
" Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse."
RT Surprise! Happy Birthday HRC!! 🎂
Crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
At the debate, the impeccably dressed Ken Bone asked a great question about meeting our energy needs. Hillary’s res…
RT We need better community resources for the 1 in 4 college-aged students facing mental health challenges.
It wasn't so long ago that women faced and took down barriers that can seem ridiculous now.
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
RT . with during a campaign rally at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, NH
"I could not be prouder of the leader we have nominated to take my place.” — on Hillary
RT Attention lawyers &amp; law students: Help protect the right to vote. Sign up &amp; share with your friends:
RT Nevada: Here is a quick video created on "How to Caucus" - very quick and simple! …
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
"We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: Hillary Clinton” —
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Trump went to Flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis—but he just made a spectacle of himself.
Getting countries to work together takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults by dropping in for a few hours, then flying home.
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon.
RT Donald Trump's plan mostly benefits billionaires -- and millionaires like Donald Trump.
RT To find your voting location visit 🚂💨💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
“Folks marched &amp; protested for our right to vote. They endured beatings and jail time. They sacrificed their lives for this right.” —
"I was so impressed and surprised that, whether you believe it or not, I was momentarily speechless.” — on meeting Hillary
RT HRC unveils plan to tackle deep poverty. Everything about this, at this stage of the race, is remarkable.
Donald Trump was not against the war in Iraq.
Our veterans and their families deserve a president who doesn't disrespect and disparage their sacrifices.
"He’s spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could.” — on Trump
Thank you Rep.
RT Jesse Jackson on - when he donated space for the Rainbow/Push Coalition.
“I need you to knock on doors. I need you to make phone calls. You gotta talk to your friends, including your Repub…
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
RT When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
Got her back?
RT Daniel Driffin is the first speaker living with HIV to take the stage in 12 years
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
" UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE 🚂
RT Please read my full endorsement of for President of the United States:
Hillary and are campaigning together in Pittsburgh. Tune in now to join them live:
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
Thank you, for describing your experience dealing with mental illness with such courage.
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
RT this to make sure everyone you know is registered to vote:
. Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
I will be on with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
Newspapers across the country are almost exclusively endorsing Hillary over Trump.
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"He thinks we should be afraid of our Muslim brothers and sisters—because he has no idea who they really are." — on Trump
Enter now for your once-in-a-lifetime chance to fly for free with Hillary on the official campaign plane:
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted?
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! on November 8th!
When Ruline was born, women couldn't vote. Yesterday, at 103, she voted for Hillary. Make sure you're registered:…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
" Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!"
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd:
We know that America is big-hearted, not small-minded. We want to lift people up, not tear each other down.
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight! Tickets:
Trump doesn't know what he's talking about when it comes to women's health. He shouldn't be making the decisions.
"Democracy works, America, but we gotta want it—not just during an election year, but all the days in between.” —
We don't just believe in a country where no one is left out or left behind—we're making it a reality.
Hillary on the faith that drives her: "Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can."
The report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
RT Trying to count the ways I hate Drawing a blank. Congrats to a good man and a good friend.
We make it almost impossible for too many women to balance work and family. That needs to change:…
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Trump suggested that Ted Cruz’s father was involved in the Kennedy assassination. Of course there’s absolutely no evidence of that.
10 minutes of Donald Trump demeaning, objectifying, and insulting women.
" amazing on Megan Kelly" Thanks.
"Hillary is ready. Ready to fight. Ready to win. Ready to lead." —
I am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate Fox News is in the bag!
Vote your conscience.
" HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!"
RT . on the campus of The Ohio State University.
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
RT We'll grow from 75,000 annual volunteers to 250,000 and double the scholarship that volunteers earn through their serv…
Contributing nothing to our military, public schools, kids' health care, and more doesn't make you "smart."
On show now. ENJOY!
Trump suits were made in Mexico—he could have made them in Brooklyn, Ohio. Trump furniture is made in Turkey instead of Cleveland.
RT No one keeps us more informed or entertained from the road than We miss him in HQ, but this helps:
Fighting for all the good she can, in all the ways she can, for as long as ever she can.
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
“27 million are ready to put up a fight and not be intimidated by hatred and spite.”
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all…
Most of us learned by elementary school that it’s not OK to insult people’s looks. Donald calls women fat, ugly, and disgusting.
None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country alone. It takes a village.
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
"You can go to to make sure you are registered. And I hope you all will.” —Hillary
did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
11 days to go and Hillary’s on the trail in Iowa. Tune in now: And make a plan to vote:
" One thing we know for sure supporters will turn to - absolutely not
“Strong men, men who are truly role models, don’t need to put down women to make themselves feel powerful.” —
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!
RT I've been in a lot of locker rooms, and what Trump said is not locker room banter. Don't let this pass, go to
RT How many times must it be said? Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad things!HRC threatened me after BC raped me.
. loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to Debates
" Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee"
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Response to the Pope:
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'
has FAILED all over the world! 􏰀
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad!
"The richest thing about Donald Trump is his hypocrisy." —
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
We have a choice between taking serious steps to combat climate change—and refusing to admit it even exists.
I will be doing the with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
We have the most productive and competitive workers in the world. We just need to give them a chance to succeed.
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Thank you together we will
Thank you Indiana!
RT Her last visit to Ohio and it's amazing. I believe that she will win!
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to Get out &amp; VOTE…
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career...focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families." —Hillary
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the prior to
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
I applaud the 5th Circuit for blocking Texas's voter ID law—one of the most restrictive in America. Let's make voting easier, not harder. -H
99% more Florida Latinos have already voted early than at this point in 2012. Join them:
" ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!!
"She gives us hope for the future. She's our girl." —Roxie, co-owner of on Hillary
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will
Thank you, Christine. We're all standing by your side.
. is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
We face a serious choice on Tuesday: Will we act to protect the planet for our kids and grandkids, or do nothing?…
Change has to come from outside our very broken system.
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for
"Thank you, Thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign.” —Hillary
“Her mastery of issues and detail is unlike any politician I’ve met." — editor-in-chief on Hillary
RT Escuchamos claramente los comentarios de Trump demonizando a los inmigrantes la primera vez, la segunda, tercera...
"Would my son Capt. Humayun Khan have a place in your America?…Would anyone who isn’t like you? —Khizr Khan to Donald Trump
" let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump"
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
In 2001, Hillary worked to support and rebuild New York after 9/11. Trump pocketed emergency funds for himself.…
RT . with JAY Z and Beyonce in Cleveland at the concert
RT How Hillary Clinton Took Charge In The First Presidential Debate
Trump's global web of financial and business ties would compromise our national security if he’s elected president.
Thank you
" . Watching you on Fox with now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about."
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
“There is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacres…We can change this.” —
RT Leading criminologist on Trump's speech: “A good illustration of how to lie with statistics.”
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
RT Just released my tax returns, Where are yours?
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!
"I have a winning temperament." —Donald Trump last night Really?
RT Hillary Clinton embraces Beyonce and Jay Z onstage at a rally in Cleveland, Ohio
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
Thank you
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES
7. To what extent would your foreign policy be dictated by potential financial benefits for your business partners?
When 40 million Americans are facing the same problem, it's a crisis. One candidate has a plan to address it.
" I took Trump University class and saved my home!"
"Hombres"?
Thank you Governor Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people.
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
The is saving lives around the world.
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That’s what I’m going to do.
This election will have record turnout, because voters see through Trump’s shameful attempts to undermine it just w…
RT JUST IN: World's 4th richest person, Warren Buffett, challenges Trump to release his taxes. "I'm under audit too."
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! next Tuesday, April 5th!
Tonight, voted for the most progressive party platform ever. Here are some highlights:
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
RT One thing's clear: and Hillary have hardworking Americans' backs. The VP's office is in good hands. –Joe
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
RT . a stark reminder the fight for racial justice isn’t past—it’s here &amp; now &amp; requires us all to do our part
"We heard Donald Trump’s answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us...He wants us to fear the future and fear each other."
Hillary’s speaking live in Akron, Ohio. Tune in now:
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC.
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
Want to know if Donald Trump is lying? Just Google it.
Will be interviewed by on tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy!
Thank you!
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you!
RT . spends 87% of its funds directly on charity. See for yourself:
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
RT Kind of assumed Trump's approach would be more RT if by land, like if by sea.
"Don't boo, vote!” —
. Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Wow, just won Missouri!
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
The next 53 days will shape the next 50 years. The future of our children and grandchildren hangs in the balance.
So who exactly is advising Trump on foreign policy?
"
"Do all the good you can—measure your life by the positive effect you can have on other people’s lives." —
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:
Remember, if you are in line before polls close, you can vote! Have a question? Call 1-917-444-5915.
It’s on all of us to pay it forward—to make sure every kid in every zip code can get ahead.
RT Just tuning into tonight's action? Watch the livestream at
"Women are seen through a different lens." —Hillary to
" OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP
" It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania!
The failing which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
With just 4 days until Election Day, Hillary is in Ohio with &amp; more. Watch live:
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION
Trump's idea for a new immigration test: "Those who...support bigotry and hatred will not be admitted." Awkward.
"My son was Captain Humayun Khan. He was 27 years old. And he was a Muslim American."
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Trump’s birtherism stems from the same innate beliefs that led to discriminating against black tenants early in his career. Can't be undone.
With just 56 days until Election Day, is back out on the trail for Hillary in Philly. Watch live:
Americans’ wages just hit an all-time high. We need to build on this progress—not turn back:
"The place of your birth should never be a barrier." A letter to young undocumented people on DACA's anniversary:
If you care about the right to vote and want to make sure it’s protected and strengthened, you’ve got to vote.
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
RT "I humbly accept my party's nomination to be vice president of the United States!" —Tim
I am on with doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!
At this rate, 1 in 8 homes in Florida could be underwater by the end of the century, when kids born today are grandparents.
Introducing our college calculator: Find out how much Hillary's plan could save you or your family on student loans.
"Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago, it is still going strong.” —Hillary
" Dear after doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying."
"I hope the fact-checkers are turning up the volume. Donald Trump supported the invasion of Iraq.”
That was an amazing interview on - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the is!
You heard Here's how you can get involved in this campaign →
When Hillary talks about needing more love and kindness in our lives, this is what she means.
Trump owes the country an apology for all of the horrible things he's said. It's time for him to take responsibilit…
No wonder Donald Trump is hiding his tax returns.
Election Day is almost over. Don’t wait—go vote now! Confirm where you vote at
RT Let's dispel with this fiction that Tim Kaine doesn't know what he's doing.
When Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them.
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
RT . in Michigan: ‘This is your movement’
Republicans are once again turning their backs on the people of Flint who have waited far too long for help. It's w…
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated.
When Americans get knocked down, we get right back up again. We refuse to quit—no matter what. That’s the spirit we need in this election.
RT if last night made you proud to be a Democrat.
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! Tickets:
"This has been such an exciting...week! We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton &amp; the man of hope, Barack Obama."
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Trump hired the head of Breitbart "News" to be CEO of his campaign. Here's a sample of their work:
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! Video:…
Joe is now leading a new Cancer Moonshot initiative to fund breakthroughs and save lives in honor of his son Beau.
The energy we're seeing on this campaign isn't about what we're against but what we're for—an inclusive America whe…
RT Donald Trump Jr. On The Record: Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via
RT Trump sobre Alicia Machado en 1996: "Miss Piggy" Esta mañana: "Aumentó mucho de peso... era un problema serio".
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
RT Encantada de anunciar mi candidato a la vicepresidencia quien ha dedicado su vida a luchar por los demás-H
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
RT ICYMI: Donald Trump is against gay marriage.
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged'
Women can stop Trump. Here's how:
RT Vogue endorses for president of the United States:
“Hope is what drives Hillary...it is why she has spent her life fighting for kids who need a champion.” —
RT Carly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinking campaign via
It’s past time for comprehensive immigration reform, and we’re going to do everything we can to get it done:
"I don't know another businessman that brags about his bankruptcies." — on Trump:
“I learned that preparation is important.” —Hillary on what she learned by debating Donald Trump
" Your policies will make this state and country great again!
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
Thank you Jason Greenblatt "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump"
"I'm casting my vote early for Hillary Clinton, and I urge you to vote early for Hillary, too." —
RT Most imp lesson VP debate given by "let women make decisions over their own body." wants 2 force his p…
" you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
" Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job"
Watch live: hits the trail for Hillary in North Carolina with just 6 days to go →
The worst part is, Trump's disturbing policies for immigrant families go way beyond just "building a wall."
Thank you Montana!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
" Praying for your family and your win in New York." Thank you!
RT He’s also made clear he’s fully committed to Hillary's policy agenda, which he understands includes repeal of Hyde.
" Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help
“This is not your typical election…this is a more fundamental choice about...whether we stay true to this great American experiment” —
. poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
RT A person who trash talks our own military should never set foot in the Oval Office.
RT Our planet can't afford denial on climate or opposition to solutions. will work hard to solve the pressing issu…
" 200,000 new followers for From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so!
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
" Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight"
Thank you America! Rasmussen National Poll Donald Trump 43% Hillary Clinton 40%
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone.
One positive thing Trump could do to make America great again? Actually make great things in America:
RT Friends: Remember to VOTE tomorrow if you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
" "I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE." And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much!
One of the many stark choices we face in this election.
RT Jay Z introduces Clinton: "Once you divide us, you weaken us. We're stronger together"
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —
The stakes in this campaign couldn’t be higher. Make sure you’re registered to vote:
" stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE"
RT Just like Michelle says, when they go low, we go high. went high and showed why she'll be a POTUS for all Americ…
Let’s make clear that love trumps hate—not just this November, but always.
Hillary is speaking live from Detroit on the economy. Don’t miss it. Tune in now:
It's incomprehensible that our laws would protect gun makers over Sandy Hook families. We need to fix this.
RT Hillary Clinton is supporting a bill that would protect benefits for former coal miners
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
" Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts vs the other guy...so obvious So true!
Thank you Michigan!
RT Ruline Steininger has seen a lot of history over the years, and when it comes to Hillary versus Trump, she has something…
RT . had her chance and she BLEW IT.
RT Trump's top Russia advisor is being probed for meeting with the Kremlin aide in charge of US election intelligence. h…
" after tonight it is clear! Utah is
We have two names to add to a long list of African Americans killed by police officers. It’s unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.
Thank you Connecticut!
With 15 days to go, Hillary and hit the trail in New Hampshire. Tune in:
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion!
Thank you Pennsylvania!
“That’s Donald Trump’s America—an America of fear and hate.” —
"That’s who we are. That’s our birthright. The capacity to shape our own destiny." —
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ‘There’s Something There'
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career…focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." —Hillary
Tim Kaine is right: We should stop praising Putin.
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
If Trump's decisiveness in choosing Mike Pence as his running mate is any indication, he'll be great at making hard…
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost.
" I'm a women &amp; I 100% support &amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina!
RT This kind of behavior is disgusting. It makes me sick to my stomach.
" The media attack on is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Denver, Colorado!
RT Trump's new "King of Debt" tax shelter means negative tax rates - meaning taxpayers pay him for high-debt projects:
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
"If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions, join us!” —Hillary
"When we turn on each other, we can’t unite to fight back against a rigged system.” —
We believe that everyone has value. We believe that everyone's created equal. We believe that love trumps hate.
“Enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change, he’s offering empty promises.” —Hillary
We're also going to make sure future generations inherit a cleaner planet—and create millions of jobs along the way.
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing!
Will be on @ 10pE discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will &amp; enforce our laws!
"This is a man who relishes making women feel terrible about themselves, in every possible way.” —Hillary on Trump We're better than that.
RT . is committed to working to overturn disastrous decision within her first 30 days.
RT WATCH: on "women who work;" empowering campaign celebrates modern women.
"I completely reject anyone, including my opponent, who calls the American military a 'disaster.'" —Hillary to the
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm!
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
RT "Couldn't have said it better," wrote the former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard about Trump's convention speech.
In a democracy, if you want to help the greatest number of people, you have to push for reform from both the outside-in and the inside-out.
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
The Washington Post calls out for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!
On November 9, what kind of world do you want to wake up in?
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
RT The House should reject H.R. 5424, which rolls back important rules on Wall Street money managers and puts workers’ re…
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
no one deserves this—least of all someone who brings us so much joy. I'm with you. -H
Colin knows Hillary—not as first lady, secretary of state, or senator—but as his mom's best friend. Read his letter:
" Also, all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills."
Post-traumatic stress isn't something strong people can handle &amp; weak people can't. Trump’s comments aren't just ignorant, they’re harmful.
“Tonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again.” — on nominating Hillary for president
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!…
"Regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me.” —
"I love our country, and I believe in our people, and I will never, ever quit on you. No matter what.” —Hillary in Ohio
Congrats to and on their historic podium sweep last night.
In 2011, Hillary advised on the mission to take out bin Laden. Trump was on the Apprentice.…
Good question.
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough.
RT It was the honor of my life to accept the Democratic nomination for vice president. I won't let you down.
RT WSJ: The Cold Clinton Reality...
“Just kiss. I don’t even wait. I sort of get away with things like that." —Donald Trump
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location:
“A dangerous con artist who has spent a career sticking it to working people.” — quoting Marco Rubio on Trump
From birth control to cancer screenings, Planned Parenthood has provided care for millions. That's worth celebratin…
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.
"I think I've made a lot of sacrifices." —Trump's response to the parents of Humayun Khan, who died serving in Iraq
"If you work hard, and you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be in poverty at the end of the year.” —Hillary
We have some questions about cozy relationship with Russia.
Trump says "you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens." What Trump's also said:
Thanks, for reaffirming the law to protect women's health—whichever provider you choose.
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
The failing wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
Yes, really did say all of these hateful things.
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University.
THANK YOU NEVADA! Username: realdonaldtrump
“Looks to me like we elected the wrong Clinton.” —an Arkansas judge on Hillary’s work on rural education as first lady of Arkansas
No one who wants to be Commander-in-Chief should be calling active military operations a "disaster.”
The brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than Donald Trump.
"Hillary enjoyed teaching, encouraging her students to believe in themselves and their potential.” —
Indiana organizer Hillary Rodham in 1976. Join her team:
RT &gt;&gt; Trump Keeps Lying About Crime In America. This Is The Truth.
Why not carrier pigeons,
Every time things aren’t going his way, Donald Trump says it’s “rigged.”
We have to repeal &amp; replace Look at what is doing to people!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
" She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says."
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
“I want to send a message: America is already great, but we are great because we are good.”
Senator made horrible statements about – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Thank you Houston, Texas!
"Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP Legacy Of Leading On Women’s, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats"
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!
“Your generation is the most inclusive, progressive, and entrepreneurial we’ve ever seen.” —Hillary to students at
Do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, in all the places we can, for all the people we can.
About to head out and accept your nomination for president. I’m so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -H
